There's no sign of that mass liquidation
that people were talking about in the
second quarter.
>> There is this hopefulness in equity
markets that we are going to get through
all the risks.
>> There is a huge amount of good news
that's been priced in.
>> Small cap has had a few head fakes.
We're finally seeing that alltime high.
>> We've actually seen a broadening of the
S&P rally.
>> This is Bloomberg Surveillance with
Jonathan Pharaoh, Lisa Abramowitz, and
An Marie Hordern.
Live from New York City this morning.
Good morning. Good morning for our
audience worldwide. Bloomberg
surveillance starts right now. Coming
into Monday, on a 3-week winning streak.
Equity futures pulling back from freshly
minted all-time highs as the US and
China are working to finalize a deal
over Tik Tok. President Trump is making
a move to shake up the H1B visa program.
That visa coming with a big price tag.
>> Yeah. $100,000 per H1B visa. not ones
that have already been issued but ones
that will be issued going forward and a
real question for how much this affects
in particular big US tech companies as
well as all of the other companies that
use consultancies largely from India to
get cheaper engineers. How quickly can
they uh plug this gap and how much are
they going to continue to rely on the
H-1B program rather than just look for
domestic talent or will some of these
multinationals just decide actually
we're going to set up shop somewhere
else? Also the legal concerns around
this usually what happens with visas is
it's set up by Congress. It goes through
regulations and there is a public period
of comment. None of that is happening.
This took place yesterday. It came into
effect. So I think there's going to be a
lot of push back potentially in the
courts and maybe even from individuals
in Congress.
>> There is an obvious challenge for anyone
trying to put this policy together.
Balance is really important. You want to
address any potential or real abuse of
the program, but balance that with
maintaining access for really highly
skilled workers. And if you go hard on
the former, you can compromise the
latter.
>> This was so confusing. It was rolled out
in a hasty fashion. People were brought
back from overseas to figure out whether
or not they could get back to the United
States. A real question here about how
much this is permanent policy, how much
this is trying to get leverage ahead of
an Indian delegation coming to
Washington DC for meetings this week. A
lot of question marks around this policy
and exactly how it will get rolled out
in the next couple of weeks and months.
>> It's your favorite week, isn't it? It's
mine, too. It's the end of summer. Put
that on me.
>> The UN General Assembly comes together
in Midtown Manhattan.
>> Yes, we're grumpy. Things get busy.
Being facicious. I actually like ANGA.
Besides the traffic, I think it's a
great time to go out, meet people, get
some dialogue going.
>> Did anyone think we're being authentic
in any way, shape, or form? I'm not sure
they did. Equity futures on the S&P 500
negative here by 0.3%. We're a little
bit softer. Coming up this hour, Andrew
Sheets of Morgan Stanley as stocks look
to add to record highs. Angela Zenino of
CFRA as big tech braces for President
Trump's visa crackdown. Plus, Christian
of Everore on a divided Federal Reserve.
We begin this hour with some breaking
news and it's on Tik Tok with the
latest. Let's cross over to Tyler
Kendall for more. Morning Tyler.
>> Hey John, good morning. Well, a White
House official says that Oracle will
recreate and provide the security for a
new version of Tik Tok's algorithm.
Under the deal, owners of the US based
version of Tik Tok will lease a copy of
the algorithm from bite dance and then
Oracle is essentially going to serve as
the gatekeeper here uh continuously
monitoring and operating that algorithm.
The officials said the data will be kept
in a secure cloud and that bite dance
will not have any access to US-based
users information on the platform. The
algorithm of course has long been a
sticking point in these negotiations.
And we should add at this point it's
unclear if this will satisfy the
national security law passed by
Congress. Though the White House is
certainly hoping it will. An official
tells us that President Trump is
planning to sign an executive order
later this week cementing his approval
of the deal. Though worth mentioning
also that we heard from China's foreign
ministry on Friday and they fell short
of a full endorsement. As we've been
reporting, the structure of a likely Tik
Tok deal is going to take the shape with
Bite Dance leaving with a less than 20%
stake. And then the outside US investors
holding a greater majority, including
companies like Oracle. The White House
had announced over the weekend some
additional details, too, that six out of
seven of the board seats will be held by
Americans. That final seat will be held
by bite dance. John, as you all know,
the backdrop to all of this are the
ongoing trade negotiations with Beijing.
But as our analysts at Bloomberg
Economics point out, while this deal,
this movement on TikTok perhaps helped
to secure that face-to-face meeting that
we're expecting between President Trump
and Chinese President Xi Jinping next
month, we're still well well away from a
fuller, broader trade deal.
>> Tyler, good to have you here in New
York. Stay close, won't you? Bloomberg's
Tyler Kendall breaking down that
breaking news for us just moments ago.
And Marie, the pieces of the puzzle
coming together. What's less clear at
this point, what is bike dance actually
getting? What do they get in return?
Well, this is a great question because I
think the Chinese have been obiscating
exactly what they're going to get out of
this. Tyler mentioned, we heard from the
foreign ministry on Friday, Friday. Part
of what they said is that what needs to
be done and they want to see a
productive commercial negotiations with
the United States, but it says that it
needs to comply with China's law and
regulations. Does a less than 20% stake
actually comply with China's laws and
regulations? potentially China's going
to get something else they want in a
bigger way that has nothing to do with
Tik Tok in order for this deal to go
through.
>> Has the USChina relationship really
gotten boiled down to Tik Tok dances? Is
that what we're talking about? That the
entirety of the USChina trade
relationship now has to do with people
in the street going like get ready with
me.
>> Is that the dance? Is that your Tik Tok
dance?
>> I'm just saying I just this is amazingly
that how much we've lowered the bar for
what could actually get accomplished.
It's amazing how successive
administrations have not been able to
deal with this head-on. We've seen this
going back to the president's first term
at the very end of it. Granted, and the
Biden administration couldn't deal with
it, and now this is the third attempt to
address this issue.
>> Yeah. And it's about the kids evidently.
That's what President Trump has talked
about. But on a larger level, how does
this fit into a larger US China trade
deal or is this really just Tik Tok and
that is what we accomplished last week
and that we that's what we can
accomplish going forward.
>> Oracle this morning up at about 1% in
the pre-market. Angelo Zena of CFR is
going to join us in about 25 minutes
time on this story. For the broader
market, here's the view on Wall Street
this morning. Andrew Sheets of Morgan
Stanley writing, "Lowering interest
rates into easy financial conditions
raises the odds of a more speculative
boom if growth does not weaken." Andrew
joins us now for more. Andrew, let's
talk about what that means for credit.
Multi-deade tights on investment grade,
high yield near the tights of the year.
Andrew, we starting to see that
speculative move start to build.
>> Yeah, thanks. Good morning. So, look, I
I think you are starting to see early
signs of it. And again, the Fed the Fed
has a difficult job. The Fed's in a
difficult position, but it's certainly
taking a risk by lowering interest rates
and saying it's still going to lower
them further despite inflation being
above its target, other measures of
growth holding up, large government
deficits, and I think importantly, some
very easy financial conditions. As you
mentioned, spreads are near multi-deade
tights. Equity valuations are near
multi-deade highs. And I think
importantly, we're starting to see M&A
activity really pick up. We're seeing
IPO activity pick up. We're seeing more
signs of corporate confidence. So, while
those levels are still low by historical
standards, they're certainly moving
towards more activity, and that's a
trend we think continues. How does that
square, Andrew, with the idea that we've
gotten some negative economic news in
terms of the non-farm payrolls report,
some of the jobless claims data, albeit
somewhat noisy? Does bad news equals bad
news when you start seeing a
deteriorating labor market?
>> Yeah. So, I think this is what's so
fascinating about the data at the moment
is that you do see in in labor market
data and some other kind of traditional
early cycle indicators, you really do
see uh some weakness. you know,
everything from the jobs market to to
heavy truck sales. But you also see some
other data that looks a lot better. You
know, GDP tracking measures are holding
up. Retail sales have held up. And I
think a really interesting one is if you
look at commercial bank loan growth in
the US, which is, you know, kind of one
of our favorite credit cycle indicators
to follow, it's accelerating higher. And
that's before we get, you know, the
expected deregulation of the banking
sector, which we think is is coming. So,
you know, I think the Fed is taking the
view that look, usually the labor market
is the most important cycle indicator.
It's the most important driver of
recessions. It's part of the Fed's
mandate. That's what we're going to
focus on. But the data is generally
mixed. And with changes to immigration
and other policy, there are a variety of
factors that could be distorting the
labor market in unusual ways.
>> When you put this together, it sounds
like, Andrew, there's a greater risk uh
of upside to the economy. the idea of a
reaceleration and there is some sort of
downside. The idea that you could see a
real further deterioration in the labor
market, what's the implication of how
far that can go? People have talked
about bubbles. People have talked about
already tight levels in credit. People
have talked about the idea of a
steepening yield curve. Where do you see
the potential mispricing of such a
reaceleration?
>> Yeah. So, I I think there are a couple
of factors. So first I think certainly
for the credit market, the market that
that myself and my team follow most
closely, you know, of those two tales,
the weaker growth scenario is I think
the much worse tale than the more
speculative boom scenario. That that
boom can can take some time. And I think
importantly, you know, we're still, I
think, in the very early innings of the
type of M&A activity that we would
expect if things really pick up. I mean,
you're still below average in terms of
levels of of M&A adjusted for the size
of the economy or adjusted for trends.
So, there's a lot further that that can
go. And I think for as much as we
rightfully focus on higher levels of
optimism, say among retail investors,
corporate optimism, corporate activity
levels h have not been elevated and I
think there's more room to go there. So,
uh, companies that benefit from from M&A
transactions, uh, some of those those
advisers, those are those are, uh,
stocks that my colleagues on the equity
side are more positive on. And, you
know, I also think kind of importantly
there are, you know, this is a market
that is still providing a discount to
things that are smaller, more cyclical
on the equity side in a way that's not
true on the credit side. So again, I
think this dilemma that the credit
market has is that if you believe that
things could get a lot better, there are
lots of small cyclical more levered
stocks you can buy at large discounts,
but in credit, we're often already
pricing those things at 20 year, 30-year
lows.
>> So Andrew, are we at a space right now
where the Fed is cutting into what you
view as a reaceleration of growth?
>> So I think that that there's a there's a
number of data that's suggesting that's
a real possibility. And again that it
might not even be a reaceleration of
growth but just if growth holds up you
know just if growth is kind of stable
then the Fed cutting into still above
average in uh inflation and rising
inflation. The Fed cutting into these
already easy financial conditions and
then I I think also really importantly
the Fed cutting into what looks like a
really historic boom in capex. you know,
the the amount of spending that that we
at Morgan Stanley are expecting from the
AI data center uh revival uh growth is
is just enormous. You know, it's it's in
the neighborhood of $3 trillion we think
between now in the end of 2028. So again
these things might not be you know 3%
GDP type of numbers but if the cycle can
hold up for longer and extend for longer
there are these there is this kind of
dry tinder of potential for M&A
potential for more strategic activity
potential for more capex that could kind
of heat up conditions in our view
>> sheets of Morgan Stanley Andrew thank
you sir appreciate your time mentioned
the equity side of the research team
over at Morgan Stanley Mike Wilson this
morning saying pentup demand infllecting
EPS revisions suggests the recession
that some are now fearing is already
behind us. Here's his question on the
Fed. The question now is whether the Fed
transitions fast enough given what
markets expect andor need for this new
bull market to continue.
>> Right now, you've got a 92% chance of a
Fed funds rate cut uh come October in
the Fed meeting in October. Then there's
another one later this year. Is three
enough? How many more is needed for next
year? And what does that imply in terms
of how much weakness there is in the
underlying economy and whether Fed funds
rate really is the tool to really
address it?
>> Ton of Fed speak this week. You'll hear
from the New York Fed President John
Williams, the chairman himself as well,
Jay Pal speaking later this week, too.
If you are just joining us, welcome to
the program. Equity futures on the S&P
just a little bit softer. We're down by
a quarter of 1% with an update on news
worldwide with your Bloomberg brief.
Here's Vonnie Quinn. Hey, Vonyie.
>> Hey, John. Good morning. Revisiting the
Tik Tok news we brought you just a few
minutes ago. Oracle will recreate and
provide security for the new US version
of Tik Tok's algorithm. According to a
White House official, Bite Dance would
lease a copy of the algorithm to Oracle,
which would then retrain from the ground
up. Bite Dance would not have access to
information on Tik Tok's US subscribers.
President Donald Trump proclaimed
Charlie Kirk a martyr for American
freedom as he spoke at a memorial
ceremony for the murdered conservative
activist. Tens of thousands of people
gathered for the event in a stadium in
Arizona yesterday. Kirk's widow, Erica,
also spoke, saying she forgives the man
who killed her husband and saying she
will work to continue Kirk's legacy.
Australia, Canada, and the United
Kingdom have now formally recognized a
Palestinian state. This ahead of the UN
General Assembly meetings this week.
Leaders of the three countries call it a
coordinated push for a two-state
solution. The move has drawn criticism
from President Trump and Israeli Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu who argue
that it rewards Hamas and threatens
Israel's security. And that's your
Bloomberg brief. John.
>> Hey Vonnie, thank you. More from Vonyie
in about 30 minutes time. Up next on the
program, stick a shock.
>> $100,000 a year for H1B visas and all of
the big companies are on board.
>> We need workers. We need great workers.
And this pretty much ensures that that's
what's going to happen. Up next, Harry
Haynes of Pangia live from New York City
this morning. Good morning.
[Music]
Brace yourself for Fed speak over the
next 24 hours. Monday, Tuesday,
Williams, Musulum, Hammock, Barkin,
Myron, Bowman, Bostic, Powell. Just
ridiculous the next day or so.
>> I love the way you frame that. Brace
yourself. It's going to be exciting. So,
do you think everyone gets up and just
says this is my dot and let me explain
it. Or do you think they get up and they
try to put some distance between
themselves and the idea of a dovish or
hawkish interpretation? At what point
does this Fed speak matter? Given the
fact that people are already looking at
2026 and what could be, not what already
is.
>> Things already seem incredibly divided
on the committee. I imagine you'll see
some of that through the next 24 hours.
It might be more helpful if we knew
whose dot was who, wouldn't it?
>> Yeah. the idea of who actually is going
to be a voting member, who actually is
going to still be there, how much they
could potentially have clout on the
committee, and then of course we get Fed
Chair Jay Powell himself speaking
tomorrow and how much does he try to
reclaim the helm of uh control over a
committee that's divided to
>> find out what he thinks personally in a
personal speech. Let's see if there's
any daylight between what he says over
the next 24 hours and what we heard just
last week. Going into that, equity
futures on the S&P negative by a quarter
of 1% on the S&P 500. Another change at
Goldman. And I say another change at
Goldman because we've had so many in
2025. Before Friday, Goldman has changed
their ecorary call for 2025 four times.
We've got a new 3-month price target. 6
month and 12 month price target. 3 month
6,800. 12 month is going to be 7,200. 6
month is 7K.
>> Everyone's struggle to keep up with a
market that's hit record high after
record high. How much is it marking to
market as the market goes up? And as you
see, resilient economic data, albeit
with some softness and a Fed clearly
underwriting risk and I think that that
was the big shift for a lot of people.
>> More on those calls from Goldman Sachs
and David Cen later on in the program.
Under surveillance this morning down in
DC, sticker shock.
>> Train Americans. Stop bringing in people
to take our jobs. That's the policy
here. $100,000 a year for H-1B visas and
all of the big companies are on board.
No more will these big tech companies or
other big companies train foreign
workers.
>> We need workers. We need great workers.
And this pretty much ensures that that's
what's going to happen.
>> So here's the latest this morning.
President Donald Trump overhauling the
H1B visa program requiring a $100,000
fee for applications to limit overuse.
Bloomberg's Tyler Kendall is back with
us now for more. Now Tyler, how is this
actually going to work? one and two, are
they allowed to do exactly what they
described over the weekend?
>> Yeah. Hey, John. Good morning. Well,
you're alluding to two of the big
questions here. One, how is this
actually going to work? And two, the
legal challenges that we're already
seeing take place, including that many
critics of this policy have pointed to
the fact that the H-1B visa program was
established by Congress, not the
executive branch. So, I would expect
some legal challenges ahead. Now, this
policy is really putting the mounting
pressure on corporations because we
heard the US commerce secretary go on in
his remarks the other day in the Oval
Office office to say that this is going
to be a decision that companies are
forced to make since they are typically
the ones paying the fees associated with
sponsoring applicants, though of course
at a much lower price. The H-1B program
makes 85,000 new visas available each
year, and they go to workers with at
least a college degree that go into
these highly skilled professions. And we
know that the majority of H-1B employers
are those big tech companies like
Microsoft and Amazon, which are already
sounding the alarm over this policy and
saying that it could hurt the US's
competitive edge. But it really has been
an issue that has long divided the
Republican party since President Trump
took office. We've seen many in his base
alleged that these workers are taking
American jobs and they have pushed the
president to change the process in a bid
to try to help US workers and this idea
that it's going to go into the US's push
uh to help elevate them. Now, of course,
uh important to keep in mind here that
ultimately uh this policy did go into
effect last night. So, at the moment,
John, it is on the books. So, the White
House did clarify to reporters that it
does not impact those existing visa
holders.
>> Tana Kendall with the latest. Tyler,
thank you. Appreciate it. To build on
the story, Terry Haynes of Pangia Policy
joins us now for more. Terry, welcome to
the program. This is a quote from the
president on the campaign trail last
summer. What I want to do, what I will
do is you graduate from a college. I
think you should get automatically as
part of your diploma a green card to be
able to stay in this country. How much
daylight is there between what we were
told in the campaign trail and how this
is playing out in Washington?
>> Um, I think there's a lot of
improvisation going on here, John.
Frankly, uh, few people would, uh, uh,
dispute that the H-1B program is in need
of serious overhauling. Uh, the
president, uh, the president's, uh,
action will be treated as a proposal by
Congress and I think probably gets
stayed by the courts. The reason I say
that comes down to what Tyler and Anarie
earlier had said about, you know,
exactly how this program came to be.
Anyway, uh my take for markets what
yesterday was that simply that there
will be months of wrangling about this
before a revised process will be decided
upon. Uh but uh but this is not going to
be an easy or quick path. Number one.
Number two, I don't know what companies
uh Secretary Lutnik's been talking to. I
assume just tech companies. Uh but the
fighter jets uh of lobbying got
metaphorically scrambled over the
weekend in Washington. And uh there's
going to be a much longer fight over
this than I think most people and maybe
even people in the White House imagine.
>> Well, when it comes to those tech
companies, do you think behind the
scenes they were given acknowledgement
from the White House that they may be
part of what the White House is calling
in their fact sheet casebyase exemptions
for some companies and some workers?
>> Oh, I imagine so. Yeah, there's uh there
there's lots of signals going on here,
but uh to me, this is all from a very
familiar White House playbook. uh you
you kind of overreach uh and you just
you know kind of set your mark out very
cleanly uh and then you and then you cut
back uh based on the kind of push back
you get and uh so you know the case by
case stuff was a clear signal to the
tech folks that they uh that they're
going to have an ability to kind of
massage the system if you will. I was
with the president months ago when he
was on board Air Force One, came back to
the press pool and showed us the gold
card, was holding it up, saying it's
going to be called the gold card, the
Trump card. Why then announce in this
abrupt fashion if they had months to
then work with Congress to actually
change the program and the law? I'm on
team Lisa this morning on uh on the
timing uh which I think it has
everything to do with the restart of US
India uh trade negotiations and
hopefully a successful conclusion from
both sides perspective uh and very
little else to do with anything else.
>> I'm just wondering Terry what do you
think the US wants from India during
these trade negotiations? How do you
think this is actually going to evolve
in a way that could be palatable for
both sides? Um the the the the
bottom lines change over months. I mean
you let's remember this this process has
been going on for some six months or so.
U the bottom lines change on exactly
what the United States wants. But the
United States what the United States has
wanted consistently is a much more
incremental sort of deal. The kind of
phase 1, phase 2, phase three sorts of
deals we're seeing elsewhere uh than
India wanted. India's original timeline
was something on the order of you know
we'll get a very large trunch of issues
resolved on the uh in July second trunch
in October obviously that that
timetables out the window uh but
fundamentally uh what the United States
wants here is what they want everywhere
else which is they want uh they want
lower tariffs and they want greater
trade access u and India for a variety
of reasons agriculture uh business lots
of other lots of other things uh has not
been willing to kind of take the chunks
that the United States offers and that's
been the substantive barriers that have
prevented a a broader trade deal.
>> Terry, appreciate your time, sir, as
always. Thanks for weighing in. Terry
Haynes of Pangia Policy. I wonder also
if there's some countries out there
looking to make moves of their own to
try and attract some of the talent that
would otherwise have moved across the
border to the United States.
>> Yeah, we've already seen that in
academia with the likes of Oxford and
Cambridge saying, "Okay, if you're a
disgruntled uh professor over in the
United States, guess what? We're
hiring." And you wonder how much this
really feeds into making a push for
technological prowess. Again, this idea
of competition. How much is it
competition for talent as much as it's
competition for technology?
>> I think you'd be very upset if you were
an engineer looking at the difference
between Silicon Valley salaries and the
salary that you could get in the United
Kingdom. If I was going to take a stab
at things, I would say it'd probably be
50% less in the UK. That would just be a
guess, but I imagine I'm pretty close.
which is the reason why so many people
come to the United States and that's the
reason why people have been enrolled in
school to try to get that H-1B visa when
they graduate after being trained in
this country. And now there's a real
question of how much those plans truly
are disrupted.
>> Let's see. Let's see how this actually
plays out in Washington. This one's
slowly coming together over the weekend
and we'll see how quickly things get
slapped back down. Coming up on the
program, we'll catch up with Angela Zeno
of CFR as Oracle lands Tik Tok's US
algorithm. Plus, Danny Burgerer joins us
with your morning movers. The maker of
Tylenol taking a hit on news out of
Washington. The stock is down by more
than 3%.
[Music]
It's from Max Kentner of HSBC this
morning. The title of his no up and up
more
goes on to say this. There's more to
come that should drive risk assets
higher still reacelerating data and Fed
rate cuts make for a powerful mix and
argue for a more cyclical stance in
equities.
>> Look, they're they're not alone, right?
This is what everyone believes, which is
the reason why I saw another upgrade
from Goldman Sachs. the idea that we are
talking about a K-shaped recovery, a
K-shaped economy. He said they don't
view it as a risk. It's something that
makes us even more bullish. So there you
go from Max Ker over at HSBC.
>> Treasury yields have a long way to rise
until they will hit risk asset
valuations. Okay. Equities right now
down by about a quarter of 1% on the
S&P. We're down by a quarter also on the
NASDAQ off the back of a 3-w weekek run
of gains on both the S&P 500 and the
NASDAQ 100. In the bond market, Treasury
yields look like this. Yields just about
unchanged. Twos around 360, 10's around
413 with the latest morning movers with
your single names. Here's Danny Burgerer
for more. Hey Danny.
>> Hey John. Starting with that breaking
news we got about 30 minutes ago and
that is more on the contours of this Tik
Tok deal. Part of it is about the role
that Oracle will be playing that they
will be recreating the Tik Tok algorithm
and providing the security. We also
learned from President Trump speaking on
Fox News that the Murdoch, specifically
Robert and Lachland, would be playing
some sort of role in this Tik Tok deal.
So, as part of that, you can also see
Fox shares are rising about 2.7% this
morning. In other news coming out of
Washington DC, the Washington Post
reporting that the White House plans to
link one of the key ingredients of
Tylenol to autism. That a highly
controversial thing to do. And the maker
of Ken View, the maker of Tylenol I
should say, Ken View highly highly
disputes that put telling Bloomberg News
that there's no evidence of that. Even
so, those shares falling some 4%.
Finally, elsewhere in pharma, uh, Fizer
buying Meterra for a $7.3 billion deal.
It is the maker of an obesity drug.
Fizer, for its part, has tried to
produce its own obesity drug and it has
not gone to plan. The key for this drug
though is it would allow users to only
take a once monthly shot instead of
weekly. So it's more attractive because
of that. So the takeover target goes up
nearly 50% while Fizer rises 1.7%. John
>> Danny, thanks for the update. Appreciate
it. More from Danny in the next hour on
our radar this morning. The White House
says Oracle will recreate and provide
security for a new US version of Tik
Tok's algorithm. A key step in a deal to
sell the app to American investors.
Elsewhere, President Donald Trump upping
the price for an H1B visa application.
now requiring a $100,000 fee. The move
rattling companies, particularly in
tech, that depend on the program to
recruit employees. And finally, South
Korea's president is warning that
accepting US trade demands, could
trigger a financial crisis. The two
nations have stalled on a deal where
South Korea would invest 350 billion in
exchange for lower tariffs.
>> It only has foreign currency reserves of
about $416 billion. So, this is almost
the entirety of their foreign currency
reserves. They've talked about some sort
of foreign exchange swap uh to get the
swap line with the United States in
order to uh be able to affectuate this.
But it highlights the details and it's
something you've talked a lot about,
John, the details of all of these
investment plans and how little is
actually known about how easily it'll be
for some of these companies to for some
of these countries to execute. South
Korea wants a safeguard in order to do
this. They want to make sure that they
agree on this currency swap and able to
enure ensure that they could then
withdraw $350 billion. I thought this
part of the interview was really
interesting. When asked if they would
walk away from the deal, this was the
quote. I believe that between blood
allies, we will be able to maintain the
minimum amount of rationality. It's UN
General Assembly week. We do know that
top South Korea diplomat will be meeting
with a Japanese Korean uh Japanese
diplomat and of course the US diplomat.
So potentially the story will move
forward this week in New York. There's
been some complications around these
deals, particularly the working
arrangements of some of the individuals
that need to come over here and have
them build out some of these
investments. And South Korea is at the
epicenter of that, not just Japan.
>> Absolutely. Especially when it h what
happened as of recently at the Hyundai
plant and the president of South Korea
was saying, I think this was an error
and right now they want to move past
that episode and they really want to get
to a trade framework and it sounds like
when it comes to trade framework, they
really need to make sure they have
safeguards when it comes to the currency
swap.
>> Watch this space. There's going to be a
lot of diplomacy carried out this week
here in New York City. Let's turn to our
top story. Oracle securing a deal to
recreate Tik Tok's algorithm for a US
version of the app in a White House
backed deal. President Donald Trump
named dropping reported investors.
>> I hate to tell you this, but a man named
Lachlan is involved. That's a very
unusual name. Lachlan Murdoch and Rupert
is is uh probably going to be in the
group. Couple of others. So, I think
they're going to do a really good job.
Angela Zenino of CFRA writing, "Concerns
remain. Execution issues tied to moving
all users to a new app and then will Tik
Tok America have the ability to run the
platform the same way?" Angelo joins us
now for more. Angelo, we've got a few
more details since we last spoke. Have
you got a clearer picture of just how
this is going to work?
>> Yeah, I mean, John, I'd say to your
point, we have gotten more details and I
mean, we have a better understanding at
this point. I mean the fact that I think
there was some consu uh debate out there
whether or not this was going to be kind
of this duplicated algorithm out there
that's going to be run by you know
Oracle and this you know new group of
investors or was it going to be some
sort of licensing deal with by dance we
now know it's going to be you know these
uh this US consortium this new Tik Tok
America America essentially um owning
the actual algorithm and that's kind of
what we expected was going to happen in
order to actually kind of um you lift
this actual Tik Tok ban that we've seen
here. So, um you know, the way it's
playing out is the way we thought it was
playing out. You know, you've also got
details in the sense that six there's
going to be six out of seven board
members that are going to be Americans.
Um who exactly that's going to be at
this point in time also remains unknown
but um ultimately it's playing out the
way we thought and um we continue to
have our concerns but nonetheless um you
know Tik Tok remains a great asset and I
think ultimately you know the the
individuals or the consortium of
investors that are acquiring um you know
the the asset you know will probably
benefit here long term. Angela, based on
how the market's trading, how certain is
this deal to get through, at least in
the eyes of equity investors?
>> I mean, listen, the administration says
that it's a done deal over the weekend,
right? I mean, we don't necessarily
believe that until, you know,
everything's kind of signed and done.
Uh, you know, I wouldn't necessarily say
this is a done deal. So, um, you know, I
think it continues to be, um, highly
contingent about upon how uh, trade
negotiations go here over the next
couple of months. Um, I think, you know,
I feel fairly confident that, you know,
hopefully the the December uh pushed out
time frame um will be kind of the will
be the last time we have to push this
thing out. But nonetheless, I mean, this
is one of those situations where, yeah,
it's never a done deal until it's done.
>> Does this help the likes of Meta or
Facebook as well as Google and YouTube,
or does this hurt them? the idea that
you do have a definitive presence of Tik
Tok but with the algorithm run from
someone else.
>> I I think it helps them um personally.
So I I think it actually you know I
think it potentially um you know puts if
you think about how much the social
media landscape has changed over the
last 5 years. I mean just take a look at
you know Meta themselves. I mean reals
you popped up only five years ago. um it
actually didn't uh on Instagram, didn't
show up on Facebook, I think until um
you know, mid late uh 2021 and didn't
actually go worldwide until early 2022.
So, when you kind of think about how
much the world has just changed over the
last couple of years, um how how much
the competitive landscape has changed
over the last couple years and now we're
kind of, you know, embarking into a new
AI environment. um you know who has
control of these algorithms um and how
they they handle this this algorithm and
and the platform you know over the next
couple years is going to mean so much
and I have a lot more confidence in a
guy like uh Zuckerberg who's going to be
able to maybe potentially take advantage
of a situation where um you know whoever
is running Tik Tok America may not be as
sophisticated as as those bite dance
engineers out there. Well, will it be
successful without Bidance engineers?
>> Well, it depends on who, you know, who
who is coming in to kind of help this
um, you know, consortium or, you know,
Tik Tok America to really kind of run
this whole thing up. I mean, if you were
to ask me, you know, does Oracle have
the ability to do it themselves? Um, you
know, I I I couldn't necessarily give
you an answer on that. Again, it would
be it would all be dependent on who
exactly they bring in to really kind of
um, you know, help, you know, progress
Tik Tok America in the future. But again
it all remains unknown at this time uh
point in time and you know at least in
the near to intermediate term it is a
risk right especially when you start
thinking about the fact that hey listen
you do need to bring all these users
onto a new app. Um so again there
there's a lot of moving parts involved
with all this which is again why we have
more confidence you know in a Zuckerberg
in a meta to potentially you know take
advantage of a situation like this. Are
you basically saying that Meta is on par
with Bite Dance's engineering expertise?
>> I would say they're probably on par or
even ahead of potentially a new Tik Tok
America that would be run by u that
wouldn't be run by, you know, these by
dance engineers.
>> Angela, just a final question. The White
House has got a taste for intervention,
clearly playing a major role in the
brokering of any potential deal between
the US and China and every individual
that's involved in this agreement. How
keen an interest are they going to take
in this company after things have
closed? How much of a role will they
play on what is playing out on that
platform?
>> Yeah, I mean and maybe one thing that
that you know that is different than
what maybe I previously thought. I
thought maybe they would have taken a
stake in this. Maybe it looks like at
this point in time um the administration
is more looking to take a you know
multi-billion dollar fee uh from this
transaction. But nonetheless, I I think
they're definitely going to have their
eyes set on um you know, how this um how
Tik Tok America does and and and make
sure that it does perform well here in
the foreseeable future. But if they're
not necessarily taking an ownership
stake, um you know, maybe it's not as
imperative as kind of what we're seeing
from uh potentially an Intel stake at
this moment in time, but remains to be
seen.
>> Angelo, thank you, sir. Appreciate it.
Angela Zena of CFRA. A few more details.
Still a lot of unanswered questions. You
know, your question is a good one, not
just with a respect to the monetary
influence of Tik Tok going forward, but
the actual algorithm going forward and
just how some of the stories are ranked
and the posts uh really get distributed.
That remains an open question. What is a
more American version of that algorithm?
>> I think they're going to have an ongoing
interest in the content. Let's put it
that way.
>> I don't think that's going away.
>> We've seen this consistently that the
person who controls the algorithm
controls the way people get their news.
Period. Full stop. As we get more
details on that story, we'll bring them
to you. Let's give you an update on
stories elsewhere this morning. With
your Bloomberg brief, let's bring in
Vonnie Quinn. Hey, Vonyie.
>> Hey, John. Thank you. President Donald
Trump says a US government shutdown is
likely, citing a stalemate between his
party and the Democrats. Senate
Democrats and Republicans each blocked
the others party's rival plans to
provide temporary funding, moving closer
to a shutdown October 1st. Senate
Democratic leader Chuck Schumer is
urging President Trump to negotiate.
Kim Jong-un says he'd be open to talks
with President Trump when he travels to
South Korea next month. North Korea's
leader says he has quote good memories
of President Trump and sees no reason
not to meet him again as long as the US
stops insisting on the dismantling of
his country's nuclear arsenal.
The Trump administration is getting
ready to announce a link between Tylenol
and autism. The Washington Post is
reporting that officials have been
reviewing research that suggests a
possible link between the use of Tylenol
early in pregnancy and an increased risk
of autism in children. And that is your
Bloomberg brief. John
>> Bonnie, thank you. Appreciate it. Up
next on the program, a divided Fed. The
committee is also uh spooked a little
bit by last year because last year the
uh the data looked weak but then turned
around abruptly. It's hard to say
exactly how high the bar is. That's a
judgment call that'll have to be made by
members of the committee.
>> Up next, Chris Naga of Everco ISI live
from New York City. You're watching
Blind TV.
[Music]
Live from New York City. Welcome to the
program. Equity futures just a little
bit softer. We're down by 0.3% on the
S&P. Likewise on the NASDAQ, the Russell
coming off the back of the longest
weekly run going back to 2020. It's been
some 5 years that we've had a run, a
stretch of gains like this on a weekly
basis for the Russell 2007 consecutive.
In the bond market, 2-year, 10year,
30-year bond yield shaping up as
follows. The twos and tens pretty much
unchanged so far this morning. Bond
yields at the front end of the curve at
357 on 10 to around 413.
A little bit light on data through the
week. Look out for PMIs to see if we see
any sign of a reaceleration in economic
activity coming into September. This
came from Mike Schumacer of Wells Fargo.
Markets appear to have priced the
cutting cycle to perfection. The Fed's
unchanged outlook on growth and labor
alongside an upward revision to core
inflation creates tension with current
pricing.
>> So, this to me is the biggest question.
Can we see the ongoing flattening in the
yield curve that we've seen or say on
Thursday when we get $44 billion of
7-year notes that are being sold? Do you
get some sort of push back of this idea
that you can perfectly situate a Fed
policy with a reacelerating economy
without getting the commensurate
inflation that would cause long-term
yields to rise?
>> At least over the last few weeks, we've
rejected that story, haven't we? That
doom and gloom about the supply side
stuff. We've rejected that. And I wonder
if it comes back on the table, too.
>> I think that that to me is the big test
of this week, considering that it is
light and data. We're going to be trying
to dodge traffic for ANGA and I'm going
to be watching the $44 billion of 7-year
note auctions. We're going to be walking
a lot, I think, is what's going to be
happening this week. Yeah, that too. And
walking yields right now on a 2-year 357
on 10s around 413. Under Savannah this
morning, a divided fed.
The committee's also uh spooked a little
bit by last year because last year the
uh the data looked weak but then turned
around abruptly. It's hard to say
exactly how high the bar is. That's a
judgment call that have to be made by
members of the committee. You've got
markets pricing uh probably 75 by the
end of the year. That would be a
significant move uh by the end of the
year and they have a little bit of
optionality.
>> So here's the latest this morning.
Divisions on the Federal Reserve
clouding the Fed's communication as Fed
chair J Pal is set to speak tomorrow.
Krishna Ga of Everore ISI writing the
active debate for policy going forward
will be predominantly within the 12 who
see more cuts in 25 not the seven who do
not. Krishna joins us now for more.
Krishna, welcome to the program. Let's
just start with that division of the
Federal Reserve. Just how material is it
and how different is it to what we've
seen in years gone by?
>> So I think we learned two things at the
meeting just gone. First that this is
still Pal's committee. he can still
muster uh majority support particularly
although not disclosed among the voting
members if you decimate whose dots are
whose for the policy path that he
prefers and that's market risk friendly
because Powell is on the more dovish
side of the committee
the more preemptive riskmanagement side
but there is this large block seven Fed
officials who don't see any further cuts
after the September cut this year. So
the question is what influence will that
seven have on the debate. My sense is
not that much. I think the debate will
mostly be among those who see the need
likely to cut rates further but will be
debating you exactly the economic
conditionality and cadence rather rather
than that block of hawks. But you can't
completely uh dismiss the seven no
cutters. Krishna, when you started
talking about the Federal Reserve, you
pointed out that this was Chairman Pal's
Federal Reserve, almost like it was his
committee. Is it too early to begin
pricing a postpal Fed?
So, I think the market uh sensibly in my
view is looking at two different time
horizons in a different way, right
through the end of this year indeed even
through really at the end of Q1, early
Q2 to the very end of Pal's term. I
think chair pal will continue to drive
the committee. I think there is a lot of
loyalty to pal and I think that the
divisions among the central group while
they're there for sure and amplified by
these political strains I don't think
they're very very deep. I think most of
that core group would agree with pal
that uh you want to be stepping rates
back to a more neutral setting
and that if the labor side continues to
look quite weak you want to do that in a
timely manner so that's the successive
September October December cuts versus
perhaps if the data were to pick up then
you might slow down that process
separately the market needs to look
forward through the end of next year and
beyond and ask what might change under
new leadership. And I think when you
look at the market pricing through the
end of next year, you very clearly put
some weight on the prospect of a more
dovish shift in the Fed reaction
function as new leadership takes over.
>> Krishna, has this market adequately
appreciated just how dovish this central
bank already has been? The idea that
they're cutting at the most aggressive
pace going back to the 1980s when we
weren't in recession. I mean this is
really an unusual type of paradigm given
that inflation has remained above the 2%
target for more than four years and is
expected to remain above that for the
remaining upcoming two years. I mean at
what point is this market not
appreciating how hot this Fed is already
running the economy?
>> So I certainly agree with you that this
is a quite unusual set of circumstances.
I think it's important to caveat that in
two ways. First, the Fed is not cutting
rates to at least under POW is not
contemplating cutting rates to what the
Fed at least would consider
a stimulative territory. What they're
talking about is removing what they
estimate to be the remaining restraint
in the economy. That's the roughly 75
basis points of restraint between where
we were on the eve of the September
meeting and a spot neutral setting that
might be in the zip code of 3 and a half
3 and 3/4 separate from where the
long-term uh neutral rate might lie when
things settle down to equilibrium which
many still see at the Fed as more like
3%. So you're talking about removing
restraint not providing stimulus. The
other thing is of course you're seeing I
think under Pal's leadership and of
course with pressure intellectual
pressure from Waller and one or two
others the Fed's taking a view that
maybe they should be at least to some
significant degree looking through that
current elevated inflation because it's
to a large extent reflecting the pass
through of tariffs into prices. And of
course from a textbook sense at least
you want to look through that
first round mechanical uh tax impact if
you like it's a bit like a sales tax in
that regard and you want to be focused
on where you think the underlying
inflation dynamics are going what risk
there is of inflation persistence and
you know if you look at wages minus
productivity if you look at a lot of the
services particularly the more
market-based services you look at
expectations the news on that second
round inflation dynamic is reasonably
constructive, but I certainly still take
your point
that the Fed is cutting on risk
management grounds into what may be uh
the early stages of a cyclical
reaceleration. I think the market is
going to want to see more evidence on
that firming inactivity and if it's
passing on to a firming in the labor
side too uh before it really starts to
trade that. But if you were to see that
then I think at a minimum uh people
would start to pay more attention not
just to these three cuts
but the prospect that when the next
chair picks up the cutting baton we
might well be in danger of overdoing it.
>> Let's say the Fed cuts rates and
long-term rates also decline. Will that
help housing affordability? Will that
help with this sort of declining trend
in inflation that has hinged to the
housing market frankly which has kind of
gotten slack.
>> Well, so certainly I think if longerterm
rates were to come down from here in an
appreciable way then obviously that
would lower you know the the classic 30x
type uh financing costs and that would
certainly help uh buyers at the margin.
It might actually uh work a little bit
more on price uh than on quantity in a
number of cases, but certainly it would
be good for housing, good for housing
stocks. I think in the absence of that,
what we're likely to see is more people
moving to fund at the front end through
ARMS because of course as the as the
front end rates, the Fed sensitive rates
do come down,
there's an opportunity potentially to
finance front end rather than finance
through the classic 30-year. Um I don't
think that there is a huge amount of
scope for 10-year yields to come down
further from here if we are indeed uh in
the early stages of at least cyclical
stabilization and possibly even cyclical
reaceleration.
My hunch is if that's the path we're on,
then the 10-year yield will be higher 6
to 12 months from now, not lower. And
with it, of course, then those uh
conforming loan rates. with respect to
housing and inflation. I get the point
you make and it's a subtle one about the
relationship between you know home
construction and ultimately uh you know
OEER rent and those other housing
services related components on
inflation. I think that's right. I still
think overall though higher longerterm
interest rates uh will tend to restrict
the economy in aggregate across all the
sectors and put downward pressure on
inflation and vice versa if the tenure
goes down. Krishna appreciate your time
given us a lot to think about. Thank you
sir. Krishna go there of Evercore ISI
two different time horizons this until
the end of say pal's term then
everything after that Peter she academy
just moments ago we still believe the
market is underpricing the number of
cuts the speed of cuts and the efforts
the administration will take to keep
yields lower across the curve. We'll
pick up on that note in just a moment.
Up next, Wley of Black Rockck, Henry
Array of Vader Partners, the former
White House trade official Kate Kucawitz
and Cassie Barrow of JP Morgan asset
management. The second hour of Bloomberg
surveillance is just around the corner.
[Music]
>> The Fed's outlook has really shifted.
They're going to look through temporary
tariff effects.
>> Cutting rates is not going to help on
the inflation side.
>> The uncertainty rather than the level of
tariffs is going to be a challenge.
>> There's a little bit of push pull in
almost everything you look at.
>> This is Bloomberg surveillance with
Jonathan Pharaoh, Lisa Abramowitz, and
an Marie Hordern.
>> Live from New York City this morning.
Good morning. Good morning for our
audience worldwide. The second Daryl
Blindberg Savannah starts right now. And
your scores look like this on the S&P
500 pulling back from all-time highs by
about a third of 1% on the S&P on the
NASDAQ 100 down by 0.4. In the bond
market, some stability across the curve.
Twos down by almost the basis point.
Just about unchanged on 10 to 412. If
you're confused by the Fed speak of the
last week or so, prepare to be even more
confused. There is a ton of Fed speak
coming up over the next few days,
including Chairman Pal himself tomorrow
morning. Yeah, today we've got Fez, John
Williams, Musulm, uh, Hammock, Myron,
and Barkin. Myron will be giving his
first speech at the New York economic
club today. Uh, as the governor of a
governor on the Federal Reserve, Powell,
Bowman, Bosik, I mean, all of these
lining up and a real question here, what
insight will they actually give us? We
know that this is a divided Fed. How do
you take signal from noise at a time
where this is incredibly noisy and this
might be Jay Powell's Fed now, but come
next year, whose Federal Reserve is this
going to be and exactly how will that
get manipulated?
>> Well, it might be Steen Myren given the
fact that we know that he wanted a
deeper rate cut for September, I think
he might struggle with why you should
have a deeper rate cut if he actually
thinks the economy is booming, what the
president wants to hear. And when it
comes to current Fed chair Jay Powell,
we know that his chairmanship is over
next year. We still are waiting for
clarity from JPL whether or not he's
going to stick around as a governor for
2028 and what that could mean
potentially if he lingers around when it
comes to the FOMC.
>> Fed Governor Steven Myin might be a
taste of things to come which is why
it's important to look out for what he's
got to say later on this afternoon. I
mentioned this note from Peter Cherv
Academy in the previous hour. Worth
picking it up again. We believe the
market is underpricing the number of
cuts, the speed of cuts, and the efforts
the administration will take to keep
yields lower across the curve. How do
you say yield curve control without
saying yield curve control and that is
the way that you do it? This is what a
lot of people have been speculating with
respect to why you have seen such a
controlled long end of the yield curve.
Why you haven't seen a steepening in the
yield curve on the heels of a pretty
doubbish Federal Reserve. Yes, maybe not
as doubbish as people expected, but
nobody's listening to what they actually
said and just looking at what they think
they'll probably do. So, this raises a
question. Can this Fed meet the moment?
and what will it take for them to do so
given some pretty high expectations
already baked into the market.
>> I have to say I would have thought that
by now we'd have a decent idea over who
the next Fed chair would be. This has
taken a little bit longer this process
than I thought it would.
>> It is taking a little bit longer, but we
know the Treasury Secretary is sitting
down. He's having these meetings. But I
think they need to decide with Steven
Myron first. Does he stay on or not? And
then do they elevate someone from within
or do they really want someone from the
outside? The longer this takes, the
better it is because they can just keep
talking about too late Fed chair Jay
Powell and he's a great scapegoat. So I
think this is actually by design
>> and he's cutting rates anyway.
>> Exactly.
>> So you get the best of both worlds at
the moment at least. Coming up this hour
we'll catch up with Way Lee of Black
Rockck with Wall Street riding Kai.
We'll speak to Henred Trade of Vader
Partners on a big shakeup for the H-1B
visa program and we'll speak to the
former White House trade official
Kucawitz with US lawmakers taking a rare
trip to China. We begin this hour with
stocks holding their all-time highs
driven by big tech and AI way. Le of
Black Rockck writing, "The AI theme
keeps driving US equity performance. We
think elevated valuations can be
justified if they keep delivering on
expected 15 to 20% future earnings
growth." Way joins us now for more. Way
Lee, good morning. Good to see you.
>> You've been riskon with the team since I
believe April. Is that right?
>> What's anchored that view?
>> Um what has
>> what's anchored that view?
>> What's anchored that view? Well, it's a
strange time to go risk on back in April
if you if you remember because back then
the big questions that people are asking
themselves is is this the end of US
exceptionalism? Is this um the time that
the dollar may lose its reserve currency
status? So to lean against prevailent
market questions and really go risk on
despite peak policy uncertainty was hard
and but what really anchored that view
is really our appreciation for the fact
that there are certain things that are
so fundamental to the working of the
economy and markets that they cannot
change quickly. Uh markets were pricing
for them to change quickly. So we would
lean against that. So in Black Rockck we
call this uh fundamental things the
immutable laws. I don't know if that has
caught on outside of Black Rockck but
but the idea that certain things markets
may price them to change quickly but in
reality the facts on the ground are that
they cannot is really what is behind our
risk on view since April
>> in the middle of September the market's
in a different place compared to where
we were in April you were leaning again
to where the market was at the time now
equities are at alltime highs credit
spreads are super tight now it's not
payrolls that hasn't driven a reduction
in your risk posture what would lead to
a change in your risk posture at the
moment Well, right now we're in a bit of
a sweet spot uh right now because the
Fed has macro cover to start the series
of rate cuts and um because payroll is
so weak to justify that um it doesn't
have to be a big political debate uh
right now and this is really a sweet
spot because the cars are being priced
in US growth is not really that bad
right we're looking at 1.5% for this
year growth it's not you know shooting
the lights out but it's still very far
away from recession. You look at
earnings, it's very strong, especially
uh in uh the US equity market,
especially in the tech and AI plus
complex. So when you bring all of this
together, you kind of have the benefits
of fat cuts without the penalty at this
juncture and on top of that fundamental
picture is holding up which is why we
continue to like uh equity market at
this juncture and then our study shows
that 15 to 20% earnings for US tech will
be enough to support current multiples
of US tech uh 30 uh times plus and we
look back in history the last 30 years
or So a quarter of those periods
actually has seen US tech growing
earnings in that range. So you know it's
doable and it's happening right now.
>> So do you just ignore H1B, ignore the
idea of US China trade discussions,
ignore all the geopolitics that directly
affect all of these tech companies? Is
it all sort of negligible because of the
immutable laws that essentially these
two economies cannot decouple that
quickly and so essentially there will be
a level of status quo that will just
continue?
>> Um I I think ignore is a big word. I I
don't think we can ever ignore big
headlines like that. But we do want to
kind of understand uh the market
dislocations driven by such headlines
and try to understand how much of them
can actually play out over the near-
term versus how much of them cannot
change over over the near- term. You
talked about USChina trade relationship
you know like back in April we're
talking about closing trade deficit but
the facts on the ground is that the
global supply chain is so intertwined
that you cannot change things very
quickly. Um so I think that very much
speaks to how markets are making new
highs both in the US but also in in in
in China's sphere of influence. You look
at Hansen Tech, it's up 40% on the year.
You look at Hansen Healthcare, it's up
more than 100% on the year. So really
selective opportunities across the board
against the backdrop of a somewhat
weaker dollar.
>> How do you know if we're creating a
bubble? And I asked this because Dan
Greenhouse said every new high in the
bull market should be bought except the
last one. And all that you need to know
as an investor is why it's the last one.
And that's essentially where people are
at, which is if it's a bubble, that's
not a bad thing. Keep buying. But it it
just means you probably are going up
until it goes down. Do you feel like
that's the case?
>> Well, I don't think we can say that we
know we're not creating a bubble. I
think um what we are seeing right now is
that we're uh seeing companies really
spending and overspending in the AI race
to really stay on the uh on the table to
really stay in the in the race. So, I
think it's possible that we're going to
see more spend overspend in the near
term because it is really existential.
So one of the things that we're keeping
a very close eye on specifically with
regards to the AI buildout and tech is
return on investment for the capex that
is being spent especially as you think
about um companies uh kind of outside uh
tech uh spending more in AI you know
we're going from uh capital light to
capital intensive uh uh sectors kind of
being very uh uh integrated and really
thinking about it and that has
significant implication on return on
equities too. So this is one signal that
we pay close attention to to understand
if there is further momentum. Another
signal is credit spread is very tight
right now but typically credit spread
tends to kind of increase quite a bit
before major equity market correction.
So right now we're paying close
attention to both the credit spread but
also specifically the relative credit
spread of tech space versus broader IG.
They're very uh tight right now. So not
showing significant stress but that's
something I monitor daily. When you look
at the AI overspend, and this was really
on display last week when I was with the
president, tens of billions of dollars
allocated to United Kingdom. A lot of
that has been also allocated to the US.
How long can that persist? The
overspend. Well, if we look at the
percentage of spend over free cash flow,
it's higher than before, but it's not
super stretched. So, companies can still
spend for now. All hyperscalers can
still uh spend for now and also they can
go into funding market private uh market
for example to get additional cash to to
spend. So there has been an increase but
uh in our view is not uh getting to a
point where this is too much and we got
to kind of think about uh putting
putting a stop uh to it. So we're paying
very close attention to free cash flow
to understand if they actually have the
wallet to to do so. Right now it's um
all hands go.
>> Are you monitoring potential energy
constraints off the back of these
investments? Do we have the power? Do we
have the energy infrastructure?
>> It's a very big question because energy
constraint may well be some of the kind
of uh not bottlenecks but certainly
factors that can slow down um the AI
buildout because it's also happening in
the context of the low carbon
transition. So so far this year, if you
look at electricity inflation in the
retail uh space in the US, we're talking
about 6% yearon year. So we're
definitely seeing greater pricing
pressure coming through because of the
energy demand and and and versus the
supply picture. Um so that's something
that we monitor and it actually may
impact the broader inflationary uh mix
uh that the Fed is going to have to
respond to. So whilst right now we think
that there is room to lean into duration
to lock in attractive uh yields at these
levels real yields in particular over
the longer term we still think that the
inflationary pressure hasn't gone away.
The trade-off between inflation and
fiscal spend and and and and that
servicing course that tough tension
hasn't gone away. So over the longer
term steepening view is still our core
view but for now given the fed cycle we
we want to lean into that. Okay, look,
there's a great market story here.
Fantastic for the economy, but I think
we should detail the political fallback
that we could see and what it could mean
for society. The energy intensiveness of
that growth that we could see over the
next several years off the back of this
story is potentially going to cause
problems politically and society over
the next several years or so. And I
think you're already seeing signs of it.
The energy price pickup, that story is
already starting to build.
>> Yeah, especially in the United Kingdom
and in other places as well. But this
idea of if people are paying their coned
bills every every month and it's getting
to be bigger and bigger and bigger,
suddenly people are going to start to
say, "Wait a second. Why is this not
rebounding onto us?" But everything's
turning into a political story.
>> Way it's good to see you. Thanks for
dropping by. Way of Black Rockck. Thank
you very much. If you're just joining
us, equities down by about a third of 1%
on the S&P with an update on stories
worldwide with your Bloomberg brief.
Here's Vonnie Quinn. Hey Vonnie.
>> Hey John. Thank you. T-Mobile is
announcing a shakeup in its leadership.
CEO Mike Sabbert is stepping down from
the role and will move to vice chairman
with current COO Fralan setting to
become the next chief executive. Those
changes are set to go into effect
November 1st. Both Severt and Gopalan
will join Bloomberg Tech tomorrow at 11
Eastern.
A final deal on Tik Tok is expected to
be signed in the coming days. US
operations of the app's algorithm will
be secured by Oracle once it spun off
from its Chinese ownership. According to
the White House, Americans will hold six
out of seven board seats for Tik Tok.
Hong Kong International Airport expects
to cut flights starting Tuesday as it
braces for one of its strongest typhoons
in years. Sources telling us here at
Bloomberg, all flights will be stopped
from 6:00 p.m. local time through 6:00
a.m. on Thursday as super typhoon Reaga
bears down. Hong Kong was last battered
by a super typhoon in September of 2023
that halted flights for 20 hours. And
that is your Bloomberg brief. John
>> Vonyie, thank you. Appreciate the
update. More from Vonnie in about 30
minutes time. Up next on the program,
upping the barrier to entry.
>> $100,000 a year for H1B visas and all of
the big companies are on board.
>> We need workers. We need great workers
and this pretty much ensures that that's
what's going to happen. A conversation
up next with Henry Trees of Vader
Partners live from New York City this
morning. Good morning.
[Music]
It's a bullish feel in the air. Let's
put it that way. This from Julian
Emanuel of EverORD just last week. He
said nowhere to go but up. And then we
had this from Max Kentner of HSBC a
little bit earlier this morning. The
title of his no up and up more.
Essentially, if you have an economy
that's doing okay, even with rates where
they are, and you have the super cycle
of investment overlaid on top of it, and
then you get rate cuts, well, everyone
gets bullish, what is the potential stop
to that? If everyone is bullish, at what
point do some people start getting
nervous?
>> We've set a series of all-time highs. If
this is nervousness, this ain't much.
We're down a third of 1% on the S&P. On
the NASDAQ, we're down by 0.35.
under surveillance this morning upping
the barrier to entry.
>> Train Americans, stop bringing in people
to take our jobs. That's the policy
here. $100,000 a year for H-1B visas.
And all of the big companies are on
board. No more will these big tech
companies or other big companies train
foreign workers.
>> We need workers. We need great workers.
And this pretty much ensures that that's
what's going to happen.
>> So, here's the latest this morning.
President Donald Trump signing a
proclamation requiring a $100,000 fee
for H1B visa applications to curb
overuse. Joining us now to discuss is
Bloomberg's Tyler Kendall. Tyler, the
commerce secretary, Howard Lutnik said
$100,000 a year. Have we clarified that
now? Is it a year or per application?
>> So, John, for as of now, our
understanding is it is per application.
This was part of the White House's bid
to clarify the policy. also making sure
to say that this only that this does not
extend to existing visa holders,
appearing to be a bid to calm some of
these anxieties that we heard uh
immediately from these companies after
Howard Lutnik said that it's ultimately
going to be up to corporations to make
these decisions considering they're the
ones that typically front the fees
associated with sponsoring applicants,
though of course at a much lower rate.
Now, the H-1B visa program opens up
85,000 new visas per year for those
workers that are highly skilled, have at
least a college degree, and go into
these um in high demand professions. And
we know that the bulk of H-1B employers
are those big tech companies like Amazon
and Microsoft who are already sounding
the alarm that this could hurt US
competitiveness. Not to mention that we
heard from critics of this policy to
expect legal challenges since the US
Congress has set clear requirements for
how US businesses petition for foreign
workers. really setting us up, we're
expecting, for another legal test here
when it comes to how the administration
is you using uh executive power. And
John, while this issue has really long
divided the Republican party, we saw
some pressure mounting from President
Trump's own base that alleged that uh
this policy takes away jobs from
American workers, it's also worth
pointing out the timing here that we
know that the bulk of H-1B visa holders
come from India. And the trading partner
has long seen their negotiations for a
trade deal stalled. But today there is a
delegation arriving from India to
Washington to continue those
negotiations and this no doubt was
unwelcome news.
>> Tyler Kendall with the latest. Tyler,
thank you. To extend the conversation,
Henry Trace of Ada Partners. Henrietta,
welcome to the program. Many people have
long talked about the problems with this
program and the abuse of it. This is a
problem. What do you make of the remedy?
>> Well, I think it's very interesting. As
a former tax staffer and somebody who
has worked in both the House and the
Senate, what's happening here is that
the president is yet again taking away
the power of decision-making over
taxation, just like happened with
tariffs and is putting it squarely in
the administration's hands. So, as Tyler
was just pointing out, this is
absolutely going to run into lawsuits um
and is going to be a problem for
lawmakers who are going to have to
assess whether or not this is something
that they want to carry forward. But in
the absence of immigration policy, which
we are plainly not able to get out of
the House and Senate, I think it really
shines a spotlight on how dysfunctional
they've become, which obviously we'll
see if we shut the government down as
well.
>> Well, well, what Trump is doing on the
executive branch, will it force his
colleagues in Congress, the Republican
party, to take up some new legislation
about these visa fees?
>> That's an interesting question. I doubt
it in the near term. I mean, they're
nowhere on being able to legislate
immigration policy, which is invariably
what this becomes a part of, but it has
had, as you pointed out, bipartisan
opposition over, you know, decades. I
remember the 2013 debate had a big huge
fraction of it was about H-1B visas. So,
the president is basically saying, if
Congress is not going to act, I'm going
to. Um, and that's what we're seeing.
What's interesting here is that the
president is obviously prioritizing
tech, you know, whether that's bringing
all the tech titans to England to be at
Windsor Castle or whether it's to tackle
H1B visas to talk about the oracles of
the world with Tik Tok. And what's
interesting to me is that we are not
seeing a similar roll out on the rest of
the US economy and in particular the
industries that are being most harmed by
tariffs. whether it's the manufacturing
sector which has lost almost exactly the
same number of jobs as this H-1B visa uh
issue will imperil um as well as the
agriculture sector. So I think there's a
whole segment of the US economy that's
being left out of these discussions um
and the tariffs with India which I think
you can basically fra um add this on to
is going to be a big part of the debate.
Well, Henrietta, if Congress is not
going to want to take up the visa fees
and they're the ones that have
jurisdiction over it, is this basically
null and void? Is this even going to
happen, these $100,000 visa fees?
>> I mean, certainly not if they go to the
courts and it's really just a matter of
time before we see how long this is
going to be in effect. Obviously,
there's a lot of confusion um as John
just pointed out between, you know, how
is this going to be applied? Is it an
annual thing which uh Secretary Lutnik
reiterated repeatedly in the White House
in the Oval Office and then has since
walked back. There are going to be
licenses I would imagine and exclusions
and so that's going to be something that
those closest to the administration are
able to finagle. Um and we'll see if JP
Morgan does it better than Oracle.
>> Right now Henrietta, it seems like the
market's numb to pretty much all of the
very loud headlines that everyone shrugs
off as being initial uh opening
arguments and then we'll get watered
down. I just wonder in the roulette of
topics in Washington DC how much the
people you speak to are aware of the
fact that the government is going to
shut down uh almost certainly that
everyone's talking about this and that
there could be potentially market
ramifications.
>> Yeah, it takes a while to get to the
market ramifications, but you make a
really good point here which is that the
main topic of discussion in, you know,
the streets of the United States as well
as on Capitol Hill is really the cost of
living. And when you have 83% of
Americans saying that high prices are
their number one priority, which is the
poll that just came out over the
weekend, you're seeing a material
disconnect. You know, this H-1B visa
thing is not going to do anything for
him. Keeping tariffs on India at 50%
rates is not helping. So, there's
actually these bubblings of working
groups that are happening on the House
and the Senate side to take down the
Brazil tariffs that are at 50%. to start
a working group to talk about the
president's authority to randomly impose
these AIPA tariffs across all nations
and all kinds of goods to have them re
in some of their power again. It's it's
very much at the beginning stages and I
wouldn't take any of this seriously yet.
But as we get into the midterm election
cycle, members are going to have to talk
about this because the tariffs are the
number one concern of a lot of Americans
who are dealing with higher prices at
the grocery store and at, you know,
Walmart.
>> This is an important point, Henrietta.
the idea of how to view the lens of the
uh just incredible funnel of news that
keeps getting funneled at us every
single day uh from Washington DC. How
much is the incoming uh midterm
elections shaping some of what we're
hearing about the idea of what
initiatives are making it to the front
lines? The idea of a government
shutdown, I mean, essentially, are we
playing the blame game here? Are there
going to be tangible ways to bring down
the cost of living heading into the
midterm elections? Or is this
essentially a jostling for the upper
hand in uh the media sphere?
>> I mean, man, you take the tariffs off,
that's what, $2,600 per family, per
household annually. So, I mean, you
could do this pretty quickly if you
wanted to. I think the tariffs are going
to be a major topic of the midterms and
the members are, you know, pushing that
as far away as they possibly can right
now. And it's being driven by the
administration. And when President Trump
makes a speech in front of thousands of
people at a memorial service and touts
tariffs as the best thing since sliced
bread and the average American hates
tariffs, you've got a big disconnect.
And members of the House have been
protected by the speaker from holding
votes on these tariffs now through
January of next year. So there's not
even going to be a check or a balance on
the president and his tariff authority
from the House until January. They just
passed that rule last week. And that's
going to be something that they have to
decide. Are they going to go on record
saying that they do support the
collection of $4 trillion in tariffs
over a decade that is a tax on the US
consumer and is making all of our prices
higher or do you want another option?
Fortunately for the Republican party,
the Democrats don't have a message. But
that's basically where we are.
>> Hen appreciate it and the brutal honesty
at the end which most people would agree
with. Henry Trees there partners. Thank
you very much. The Republicans need what
a lot of people in this market are
pricing. It's the reaceleration in the
economy. these big companies with big
spending plans. We want to see that
early next year and see the results from
it.
>> The problem here, and this is something
that we've talked about extensively. Is
it consistent to see companies making
bigger and bigger profits that you also
see commensurate job growth and also
salary growth? Because what we've seen
is companies continuing to beat
expectations and yet the job market
remaining really uh slack and that I
think is something people struggle with.
There's a huge disconnect between
earnings growth and payrolls growth for
2025, which if it spills into 26 could
have its own problems. Coming up on this
program, the former White House trade
official Kucawitz with US lawmakers on a
rare trip to China. Plus, Danny has your
morning movers and single names rising
on gold's record rally. From New York
City, this is Bloomberg.
two-day winning streak on the S&P 500.
Slight pull back this Monday morning.
We're down a third of 1% on the S&P,
down a third also on the NASDAQ 100. If
we switch up the board and get to the
bond market, twos, tens, and 30s, twos
essentially unchanged through last week,
anchored between 350 to 360 as the story
and rate pricing stabilizes. Look out
for the Fed speak through the week. very
intrigued to find out Chairman Pal's
personal view of things and whether
there's any daylight between what he
offers with us in a speech this week and
what we heard from him in the news
conference just last week.
>> Yeah. Does he lead even more hawkish
essentially to push back or does he
really lean into the idea that this is a
labor market that is at risk of turning
over? Does it matter? I think that
that's the interesting question also.
How much does he really hold a
disproportionate amount of clout over
this committee given the fact that his
term is up early next year? there is an
expiration and it's May and once you get
past that arguably once you get
somewhere close to it we're going to
stop listening to what the chairman's
got to say on the outlook I think that
date is closer to December than it is to
May and once we get closer to year end
and they start putting out their outlook
I'm going to be far more interested in
whoever has been nominated and appointed
to be the next Federal Reserve chair as
they go around the media and tell the
world what they think
>> but this is the reason why I actually
think it's not just Fed chair Powell
it's also uh Williams it's also Waller
it's also Musm it's all of the other
members of the Federal Reserve who are
going to be speaking this week, how much
are they prepared to push back against a
Fed chair potentially who is willing to
run an economy very hot and look through
inflation? What are the parameters at
which they start to get more concerned
and are willing to say, "Hold on a
second, not so fast."
>> If you're keen to hear from one of them,
you will almost certainly hear from them
in the next 24 hours because pretty much
everyone's speaking Monday through
Tuesday. As we count you down to that
and the opening bout, the opening battle
about two hours away. Let's get you some
morning movers. Here's Danny Burgerer
with more. Hey Danny. Hey John, we're
learning more about the contours of this
Tik Tok deal. Some movers off the back
of that for one early this morning
learning that Oracle would be
replicating the Tik Tok algorithm and
providing the security for it. So those
shares up about 3/4 of a percent. It's
had a huge run up. So not totally
surprising it's not moving more. But
what is new is a rally in Fox chair
shares with President Trump going on Fox
News saying that both Lachlan and Robert
Murdoch are likely to have some sort of
role in this Tik Tok deal. So those
shares up about 4.2%. 2% elsewhere. Some
deal news this morning. Fizer pushing
into obesity drugs and it tried to go at
it alone unsuccessfully. So it announced
that it will be buying meta. It's a $7.3
billion deal. They make an obesity shot.
That key unlike other ones that you have
to take weekly, you only need to take it
once monthly. So that makes it more
attractive. So those shares up 60%.
Fizer up 1.5%. Meanwhile, that record
run in gold shows no signs of stopping.
trading about $3,700
this morning at a new record. You're
seeing the gold miners play along this
morning. The likes of Pneumont and Gal
Gold, those are both up at least 1.8%
this morning. John,
>> what a run we've seen for gold. Danny,
appreciate it, Danny. Thank you very
much. More from Danny in the next hour.
Gold year today 42%.
What a move. And if you want to see any
real dollar depreciation, check it out
versus gold. And how much are these
stories related given the fact that the
likes of the Chinese central bank and
many others are increasing marginally
and then not so marginally they're
increasing uh their holdings of the
precious metal.
>> Alltime highs record highs up again this
morning by more than 1%. As the price
action cross asset and across the single
names this morning on our radar this
morning, Oracle landing a deal to
recreate and provide security for a new
US version of the Tik Tok algorithm.
President Donald Trump saying the
Murdoch family will be part of the
impending deal to buy the app from its
Chinese owners. Elsewhere, President
Trump raising the annual fee for H-1B
visas from $215 to 100,000. The change
is expected to have the biggest impact
on the tech sector. The White House
clarifying the new fee will not impact
existing holders of the visa. And
finally, the UN Security Council meeting
today for talks after Russian fighter
jets flew into Estonian airspace just
last week. Earlier this month, NATO
fighter jets shot down Russian drones
that violated Polish airspace.
>> So once again, you have Estonia, another
NATO member on top of Poland requesting
this article 4 consultation in recent
days. I think a big question is this
continues to happen, even though the
Russians say that it's not happening. If
this continues to happen, what are going
to be the repercussions? Is these these
types of incursions a line in the sand
for the president of United States to do
more when it comes to really going after
Vladimir Putin? How many lines in the
sand can there possibly be? I mean,
there's been line after line after line
about the idea of negotiating a deal by
this deadline, two weeks, two weeks, two
weeks. And so now you have the Europeans
actually trying to curtail some of the
purchases of Russian uh gas, natural gas
in particular. At what point does the
president act and how much does
President Trump's being here in New York
City uh remove him from Washington DC
where there's a group of Republican
senators trying to force his hand? I
mean, this is sort of this interesting
moment. At what point does the US get
more involved?
>> Well, I think the president set out the
way he thinks about things, he'll get
involved, more involved, and lean in,
double down, triple down, put all the
sanctions in the world on the Russians
and others if the Europeans move first.
They want the Europeans to do more about
the consumption of Russian energy, both
oil, and a much bigger issue is Russian
gas. and the fact that we're still
sitting here several years later into
this war. One of the biggest
contradictions of this war, the very
fact that the Europeans are still
consuming Russian energy and funding,
which is an uncomfortable way of framing
it, I know, but it's an accurate one.
Essentially, to some extent, funding the
Russian war effort by buying Russian
energy is incredibly problematic and
something that needs addressing.
including countries like France. There
are countries in Europe that
continuously import Russian fossil fuels
and they're just having these
discussions about trying to wean
themselves off natural gas. That could
happen as early as 2027. We're not even
talking about next year, 2026. And this
war is years in. So the president is
going to go going to go after all of
these countries because his point is why
should the US do more to protect you
when you to your point it's
uncomfortable but it's the truth. If you
are buying Russian fossil fuels, you are
funding this war and by and large it's
mostly China and India as the top. But
at the same time, there's a war on
European soil and the Europeans continue
to buy your product.
>> Yeah. About a fifth of all natural gas,
I believe in Europe still comes from
Russia. So it's a significant amount. I
will just say that this is what Vladimir
Putin was betting on that the political
divisions were enough to keep everyone
apart. And the idea is you can't really
wrangle some sort of political high
ground if you've got your constituents
screaming about energy costs. And so
that really creates a difficulty getting
Europeans on board to execute what
President Trump is asking.
>> I imagine Beijing is super happy with
where things are at right now. That's
for sure.
>> I think a lot of the uh countries are
that are looking at the divisions being
a benefit to them.
>> Let's focus on China. A group of senior
US House representatives meeting with
President Xi's government in a rare trip
to China. The visit seen as another step
towards a planned meeting between Trump
and she at the end of October. The
former White House trade official Kate
Kukovich joins us now for more. Kate,
welcome back to the program. Let's just
talk about this planned meeting between
she and Trump by the end of October and
the different approach. The president
likes to negotiate in real time. He's a
dealmaker. President Xi takes the more
traditional approach to diplomacy where
everyone else does the hard work. You
get 98 99% of the way there and then you
have a meeting. What's going to be the
approach from both of these leaders?
>> Well, I think first to take a step back,
I think we have to recognize that we are
a bit delayed in this face-to-face
meeting. You know, early on in Trump's
administration, we had signaling that
the president would travel to Beijing in
the fall and instead we'd have this
sideline meeting in Korea of all places
uh for the two leaders to meet. So, I
think already we're a bit delayed on
this trajectory. So that that does color
uh whether or not we can see any real
outcomes. But I think you've described
the negotiating dynamic perfectly. Uh I
mean in this case they'll be on neutral
ground and that means something. Neither
of them will have the upper hand by
hosting the other. Uh so I suspect the
meeting in Korea will will be just
another delaying tactic as we inch
toward some real meaningful deal.
>> But China wanted the president to come
to Beijing before he went to Apac. It
seemed that the White House was more
interested in a sideline deal on Apac.
Why?
>> Well, I think originally President Trump
was very interested in traveling to
China. That always seemed to be
something he was willing to consider.
You'll remember he had a very successful
meeting from his perspective. Of course,
uh during his first administration to
Beijing and and I think he's anxious to
do that again. The fact that the first
meeting now will take place on the
silence of APEC means to me that that
there is not enough substance yet for
the president to go to Beijing.
Remember, when when leaders get together
in these huge events, they want
something very flashy to announce and
the fact that they're not going straight
to Beijing signals that they're not
ready.
>> So potentially we have this Tik Tok deal
playing in with the trade agreement. Do
you have an understanding of whether or
not Beijing is going to fully relinquish
control of the algorithm of Tik Tok?
>> It's very hard to predict, but I think
that China really has no intention of
severing its hold on Tik Tok. I mean, I
think what we continue to see, much like
with the tariffs and and the rest of of
the subjects under discussion is both
sides indicating that they're getting
what they want uh as we continue to
delay. Now remember the Tik Tok deal,
you know, was supposed to come sooner.
Congress passed a law banning Tik Tok,
gave the administration 90 days and they
said one time you can delay. So Tik Tok
is already supposed to be banned in the
United States and now we have another
delay. Uh so neither side I think seems
to feel any pressure to continue to
move. Certainly the Chinese are getting
the signal from the Trump administration
that they'll keep delaying even though
Congress has passed this law. So, I
suspect we're not that much closer
despite the protestations from both
sides that we're going to have a deal.
>> Kate, this actually is fascinating to
me, especially because a lot of people
who we spoke to on this show earlier
this morning said that they see this
pretty much as a done deal. And it seems
like uh this deal is almost certainly
going to go through. If this is the
state of things that both sides are
saying they have a deal, both sides are
saying sure it sounds good and
essentially it's just a huge cankicking
exercise. What does that mean about the
state of the discussions currently
between China and the US on broader
issues?
>> Well, I mean, look, it signals to me
that both sides are looking to say
things are going well. That's a good
thing. And if at the end of the day, we
have a tick- tock deal next week or in 6
months, this still shows that we're
talking and that's important. Neither
side wants to escalate. And that's what
I take away from this Tik Tok
discussion. And that's what I take away
from the tariff discussion and the fact
that both leaders signaled in their own
ways that they are going to meet. So at
the end of the day again it's very
difficult to predict the the minutes the
days the hours but the overall posture
here is one that neither side wants to
provoke. Neither side wants things to
change dramatically. They're comfortable
in this this sort of dant and I think
we'll keep moving that forward. Now, I
think the bigger issue here is that
neither side knows at the end of the day
what they hope to achieve in the broader
economic and security relationship. So,
as long as we're talking, as long as
we're delaying, I I think that's
probably the best we can hope for right
now.
>> Kate, uh before you go, I would love
your thoughts on the H-1B visa issue,
especially ahead of the Indian
delegation coming to Washington DC to
discuss trade relations. How do you view
the recent announcement, the
announcement over the weekend about the
$100,000 cost for H-1B visas right ahead
of some of these discussions?
>> Yeah, it's it's really odd signaling,
frankly, in the sense that the president
and the commerce secretary, Howard
Lutnik, are constantly talking about the
need for foreign investment in the
United States, particularly in the types
of sectors that need highly skilled
workers that the ones that benefit from
H-1B visas. So, I
It's a strange signal to be sure. I have
to wonder if there isn't some deal to be
made potentially for companies that are
willing to make very high investments.
Perhaps they could get some sort of, you
know, deal on the H-1B visas because
it's very hard to see how these things
actually support one another.
>> Kate, appreciate your take. Thank you.
The former White House trade official
Kate Kucawitz there. We heard that from
Henry Trace of Vader Partners. It's
going to be interesting to track who
gets the exemptions and who doesn't and
what kind of different approach we'll
see down in Washington DC.
>> Right now, the market is not treating
this as a done deal. The market is not
saying, "Okay, this is the new reality.
Everyone has to pay the $100,000 fee."
So, the question is who essentially gets
a leg up as a corporate actor in the
United States as a result of an
exemption and who doesn't.
>> What did Terry Hayne say? The lobbyists
were scrambling the jets over the
weekend.
>> Yes. Yeah. Exactly. and that they will
get back in order and they will start to
uh lobby in hard order.
>> If you're just joining us, welcome to
the program. Equities doing okay. We're
down about a third of 1% here on the S&P
500. Let's get you some top stories,
some news worldwide with your Bloomberg
brief is Vonnie Quinn. Hey, Vonyie.
>> Hey, John. Thank you. New details on the
deal to save Tik Tok in the US. As
you've been speaking about, Oracle will
recreate and provide security for the
new US version of Tik Tok's algorithm.
According to a White House official,
Bite Dance would lease a copy of the
algorithm to Oracle, which would then
retrain from the ground up. Bite Dance
would not have access to information on
Tik Tok's US subscribers.
Saxs Global, the owner of storied
retailer Saks Fth Avenue, is reportedly
exploring selling 49% of Burgdorf
Goodman for about a billion dollars. The
Wall Street Journal is reporting there
are at least four potential bidders,
including unnamed Middle Eastern
sovereign wealth funds.
In sports, baseball's home run race is
heating up after LA Dodgers Phenom Show
Otani hit his 53rd of the season against
the San Francisco Giants. He now ties
the Phillies Kyle Schwarber for second
place in the MLB. But Mariners catcher
Kal Raleigh still leads the league after
hitting his 58th blast of the season as
Seattle completed a sweep of the Houston
Astros. And that is your Bloomberg
brief. John,
>> hey Bonnie, thank you. Appreciate it. Up
next on the program, counting on cuts.
>> I thought the Fed's decision was a good
one. Uh this is uh looks like a sequence
of three moves in a row through the end
of the year. That conversation up next
with Kelsey Barrow of JP Morgan Asset
Management live from New York City.
You're watching Bloomberg TV.
[Music]
Getting
tons of research this morning. This from
the head of the Bank of America
Institute, Liz Everett Chrisberg. We're
trading airfare for fire pits. Check
this out for a headline. Camping is
booming. Bremo. Spending at campgrounds
rose 15.1% year-over-year. The strongest
growth since early 2022.
>> Some people might say this is a counter
indicator. So, if people are skipping
the hotel room and going to camping,
that might be something bad. But I
personally think that it's just because
we're really enjoying nature and we're
getting back to our roots. And John, I
think we should go on a surveillance
camping trip.
>> Is it camping or glamping? I will
definitely not go camping. But
>> I'm not going camping.
>> I'll get the I'll get the uh the
different, you know, lanterns. You'll
each have
>> You're going to put You're going to put
put up the tent. I'll put the tent up.
It'll be great. Bank of America is
saying people are drawn by affordability
and the wellness focus vibe. I think the
affordability piece of this trading the
airfare for the fire pit is the
potential story here.
>> Right. The idea that you're
downshifting. So it's sort of like going
to Dollar Tree or camping. But I would
just say the wellness component is a
real one and I recommend it.
>> There was a reason I brought this up and
it obviously wasn't to arrange a camping
trip for Bloomberg Surveillance. All
right. Equity futures on the S&P down by
about a third of 1% on the NASDAQ 100
down by a third of 1%. Also in the bond
market, bond yields at the front end. If
you haven't guessed, it's a quiet
morning. The 2-year 357
this morning, counting on cuts.
I thought the Fed's decision was a good
one. Uh this is uh looks like a sequence
of three moves in a row through the end
of the year. Non-farm payrolls is kind
of the key number for the for the Fed.
So I think that uh made them a little
bit nervous. I think that tilted things
toward a little bit more dovish policy.
>> So here's the latest this morning. US
Treasuries delivering their biggest
annual gain since the pandemic as
traders bet on the Fed's easing cycle.
Kelsey Barrow of JP Morgan Asset
Management writing the low higher
lowfire labor market is keeping wage
growth moderate, allowing the Fed to
ease policy in 25 basis point increments
over the next two to three meetings.
Celsey joins us now for more. Cassie,
good morning.
>> Good morning. kind of the easy piece of
this potentially the next two to three
meetings then it gets hard. What's the
call for 26?
>> Yeah, I think we're in a critical
juncture right now as it relates to the
direction for the US economy beyond the
next 3 months. So there's kind of two
ways that this could break. On one hand,
you have the labor market which is
clearly weakening. I think it's not just
supply. I do think it's a demand. But
you have growth data that remains fairly
robust and guidance from corporate
America that suggests a lot of optimism.
So you have kind of two ways that that
can resolve. One way is that the growth
data starts to catch down to the labor
market data and the labor market data is
the signal. The other scenario is that
the labor market data is is about to
stabilize. The Fed is going to cut
rates. Easy financial conditions are
already there in the background. And in
three to six months, you're looking at
companies that actually want to restart
their hiring plans, continue their
capex, and we could be looking at a Fed
that doesn't need to to cut rates
anymore and and an economy that is
operating above trend. So, right now,
we're subtrend. I feel pretty
comfortable with where we are now and
the carry and uh credit we have in our
portfolios, but there's still a lot of
uncertainty about which way the economy
breaks in the next 6 to 12 months.
What's the market pricing? Which way
does the market believe that this
economy is going to break?
>> I think the market is pricing that the
economy is going to break more towards
continued expansion. Um, and companies
that after a period of pause start to uh
reinvigorate their activities and start
and that and that labor market weakness
that we're seeing is is temporary. And
the way that I see that is I like to
look at the what the market is priced in
terms of the Fed. And I think the way to
look at it is you look at the median and
you also look at the most hawkish and
the most doubbish. Right now for the
next six to 12 months the market is
priced uh somewhere between the the
median dot and the most doubbish dot.
You know so still reflecting the fact
that the balance of risk for the Fed is
more likely that they cut faster than
they than they don't cut at all. But
then if you look at the longer term
trajectory for the Fed funds rate, it
kind of looks like we sometimes call it
the Nike swoosh because the the policy
path starts to turn up. And if you look
at what the market is pricing for the
long term, the market is actually uh
slightly above the most hawkish
expectation for the Fed funds rate in
the long term. and that reflects some of
that longer term optimism around growth
prospects that has kept yield
structurally higher in this environment.
>> So what you're saying is actually really
interesting. The idea that long-term
rates potentially could go higher in a
reaceleration trend. What you're saying
suggests maybe that's not the case.
Maybe that long-end rates right now as
they are even with yield curve
flattening are already pricing in that
reaceleration and actually if you get
some sort of real deceleration in the
labor market, you get a bigger rally. Is
that what you're uh basically uh
leveraged to?
>> Yeah, I mean I think that speaks to the
asymmetry and the value and owning
duration. So I would say that the the
path that the market is priced for the
Fed in the short term is you know priced
fairly to the trailing data. Uh but
where we still see that there is
valuation opportunities is in those
longdated forwards where they are very
elevated. they are pricing in a lot of
optimism and then on the other hand you
know a lot of people uh have been
concerned about the structural supply
demand dynamics in the treasury market
you know are there going to be foreign
buyers coming in so far we've seen that
the demand for fixed income is there the
other concern has been around the uh the
mix of treasury supply uh you know and
that's not even just a trend in the US
you know the the long end has uh had
question marks around it across most
developed market, government bond
markets. Uh, and what we're seeing there
is signs that uh, debt management
offices uh, and the Treasury in the US
are actually probably going to be more
active in terms of shifting their iss
belly of the curve.
>> Kelsey, can you give us some more detail
on that? What has the Treasury been
doing more recently that's enabled this
market to reject the supply fears? What
have they changed?
>> Well, they haven't actually changed
anything. It's about market sentiment
around around those things. So, one is
that you've seen very strong auctions
generally. Um there's been a few
exceptions. There was a pretty poor tips
auction last week, but generally the
nominal auctions for the long end have
gone very well. Um the other thing that
has shifted in terms of perception is,
you know, now we have the road map for
fiscal. Um we have the one big beautiful
bill. we kind of know what we're going
to be collecting in terms of tariffs on
an annualized run rate. Um, and we can
kind of feel at least more comfortable.
The deficit trajectory isn't great, but
at least, you know, we know where it's
headed. And then, you know, while the
the Treasury hasn't done anything
dramatic, they are doing buybacks on the
long end, and we do think that over time
they will be able to uh keep the
long-end supply stable, if not maybe
shrink it as a share of issuance. Um,
and you'll see the bill issuance as a
share is going to actually be able to
rise a little bit.
>> That together with $350 billion of
tavern for revenue and I think we're
doing okay. Right.
>> Well, that that's the key, right? So, if
Henry Trace is right and they roll that
back, does that potential? Yes. But yes,
a lot of people are saying, look, this
isn't actually that much of a risk. So
maybe we were overstating it earlier
this year.
>> We're still writing on a court decision
whether or not AIPA is legal or not. I
think a lot of people come to the
conclusion that they will enact the
tariffs in another way, but that'll be a
huge hurdle for this administration.
>> It's so funny how much this year has
changed. April 2nd, bond negative
overwhelmingly in the week after that,
it was bond negative. And here we are at
the end of 25 or at least approaching
the end of 25 talking about how bond
positive the tariff revenue is.
>> Yeah. My takeaway so far from the year,
ignore everything. Just buy buy stocks.
I mean, that's essentially what people
in the market have been doing.
>> Kelsey, it's good to see you. Thanks for
dropping by Kelsey Barrow there of JP
Morgan Asset Management. Stocks a little
bit lower this morning down by about a
third of 1%. Up next, we'll catch up
with Venu Krishna of Barclays Inger
Group CEO Yes Broden and we'll speak to
Yen Nordvvic of Exante Data.
[Music]
>> There's no sign of that mass liquidation
that people were talking about in the
second quarter. There is this
hopefulness in equity markets that we
are going to get through all the risks.
>> There is a huge amount of good news
that's been priced in.
>> Small cap has had a few head fakes.
We're finally seeing that alltime high.
>> We've actually seen a broadening of the
S&P rally.
>> This is Bloomberg surveillance with
Jonathan Pharaoh, Lisa Abramowitz, and
an Marie Hordern.
>> Live from New York City this morning.
Good morning. Good morning. For our
audience worldwide, the third hour of
Bloomberg's event and starts right now.
Our Europa and Bell about 90 minutes
away with equities pulling back by just
a third of 1% on the S&P coming into
Monday at record highs on the S&P and on
the NASDAQ too. The NASDAQ 100 down by a
third of 1%. In the bond market, the
scores look like this across the yield
curve. Twos 10 and 30s pretty much
unchanged. Y's down at the front end of
the curve by a basis point 35651.
Some data to look out for. Look out for
the PMIs. We're looking for signs of a
reaceleration in this economy going into
September, but also look out for the Fed
speak. Chairman Powell a few days away.
>> Yeah, tomorrow Fed Sher J. Powell is
going to be speaking, but everyone's
going to be speaking this week. So, if
you're worried about Fed Sher J Powell
and his relevancy, well, you've got
Steven Myron later today. And oh, if
you're worried about him maybe not going
to be there early next year, well, John
Williams is speaking today as well, as
well as almost everybody else. So,
here's the question. How much will this
matter? How much will people be looking
at all of the Fed speak to understand
just how dovish they are willing to be
just how much they are willing to look
through any kind of inflation already
this week. Aren't more people interested
in what Steve Meyer has to say this
afternoon than what JP pal has to say
from Rhode Island tomorrow? He said last
week he would offer a detailed rationale
for his view um at the at the meeting at
at last week for the FOMC. Well, we're
going to get that detailed rationale
today. And this is someone who is the
future of the Fed whether it's him or
not. It's that thinking that's the
future of the Fed rather than J Pal
who's up in May.
>> How persuasive is that thinking for the
rest of the committee for 2026 and
beyond? We've all got to continue to ask
that question. How credible is that
thinking with financial markets? How
persuasive is it on the committee?
>> Peter J. Powell said not very. That's
essentially what he said in the press
conference. He said ultimately this is a
committee and if a member disagrees and
desends they have to comm convince
everybody else and ultimately that is
going to either sway the committee or
not. That said, how much has this market
already moved on and priced in that this
is going to be a Fed that's going to
look through any inflation because
Steven Myin is more of the mainstream
rather than the outlier. And that I
think is going to be an increasing
question especially as people start to
get worried about bubishious types of
trends.
>> Yeah, look chairman pound's talking
about two-sided risk. There is no
risk-free path. And the market's focused
on one risk, upside risk. And we've seen
that in note after note just this
morning alone.
>> Yeah. Up, up, and up. And the idea of
upgrading further. A question of what
could potentially sty me this. And yes,
people are going to say you're a
negative, Nelly, because you're coming
out record high, record high. And you
say this makes me nervous. But at a
certain point, it has to start making
people nervous when you wonder how much
in valuations have gotten ahead of
themselves given how predicated it is on
this type of response function from the
Federal Reserve. Equity futures this
morning down by just 0.3%. If you're
just joining us, coming into a new
trading week once again at all-time
highs. Coming up this hour, we'll speak
to Venu Krishna of Barclays as stocks
trade near record highs. The CEO of Inca
Group, yes, as consumers are remaining
Brazilian and Yen Nordvig of Exxante
data as investors await a fresh round of
Fed speak this week. We begin this hour
with stock steady to kick off the
trading week. Vina Krishna of Barclay's
writing, "We've increased our year-end
26 price target to 7K from 6,700. We
expect US tech valuations to continue
reflecting constructive investor views."
Vinnie joins us now for more. Vinnie,
good morning. It's good to see you, sir.
>> Good morning, John.
>> So, an upgrade to the outlook. Let's
start there. What's underpinning that
view at the moment for you and the team?
>> Couple of things. First, you know, the
first half has been much stronger than
what we expected from an earnings
standpoint. Uh two, if you dig in and
see what's driving that, it's tech and
financials which is over 50% weight of
the market and the revisions for that
actually are improving and now we're on
the cusp of rate cuts which
incrementally uh are of course positive
for the market right so I think when you
put and and then don't forget that
global growth if anything is stabilizing
uh and US will exit this year economic
growth you know by our economist
estimates closer to around 1.8% 8% uh
1.9% range which is pretty healthy. So I
think while there's a lot of talk about
um you know valuations being extended we
which I don't necessarily agree with um
but uh right now if you see what is
holding the market it's three things one
is the AI narrative is still very much
intact two we are in the cusp of you
know fed cuts two three let's see what
happens and three um we are entering a
period of strong seasonality now that's
more of a technical uh sort of
phenomenon
But uh that said, we do believe that all
that is priced in and have a hard time
seeing how the market keep can keep
grinding higher. But then if you look
past this year into next year, we do see
earnings improving 10%. And we do see,
you know, the market going in the range
of 7,000 to 7,800. That's at upside and
base case range.
>> Let's break it down. Earnings and
valuations. Just want to sit on
valuations just for a moment. You said I
disagree they're extended.
>> Yeah.
>> So tell me the source of that
disagreement.
>> Yeah. So I think uh the tendency is to
look at the aggregate multiple which by
historical standards looks high. One is
you know we've done work and it shows
that over the last 15 years there's a
structural increase in multiples for S&P
and this is primarily a function of the
domination of tech which has been faster
growing higher quality earnings better
margins and higher multiples. So that's
one but the other thing we do is you got
to unpack the market and we take a some
other parts approach. In other words we
look at big tech rest of tech and rest
of S&P. So if you look at big tech it's
trading right now at about 29 times
right looks high fine it is true but it
started the year at 31 times they posted
earnings about 28% they increased their
operating their their net margins by
over 200 basis points they beat numbers
by 11 to 12 percentage points that's one
rest of tech is trading around 28 times
now that's a tad high for rest of tech
but if you remove some extreme names
like your palenteer those sort of highly
valued names it's more reasonable And in
fact the software part of it has got
sold off because of a lot of concern
about AI disrupting the business model.
So we in fact think there's an
opportunity there. And then last portion
the rest of S&P which is called broadly
60% of the market. We really see it as a
function we have a good model for that
which is a function of where rates are
where inflation is heading economic
growth based on that it's trading around
20 times. That's fair value. Remember
just a few months ago the 10ear was at 4
and a half%. Now we're we're struggling
to c you know to hover around the 4%
range. So I think that's the reality. So
in other words, uh I'm not suggesting
it's cheap, but I'm saying it's not a
rich market. It's a fully valued market.
>> How predicated is this call on further
rate cuts by the Federal Reserve on the
idea that yields have peaked and are
headed downward?
>> It's not predicated on that, but it's
supported by that, right? Because
earnings are also improving. So we do
see earnings actually improving next
year not a lot from this year but call
it around 10ish%.
Um but where the uh you know tenure
absolutely happens that fair value I
talked about that that definitely gets
impacted by u the way the 10ear is
you're always concerned about the
correlation of rates and equities. Um
and I think what we have found is that
we get worried when the 10s breach 4
1.5% and start heading towards 5%
because there's a very distinct negative
correlation we've observed over a very
long period of time. On the flip side
and rates already low then you're
concerned because the destabilizing
impact of deflation. Right now we're in
a sweet spot where uh we have some
amount of inflation which is not
necessarily bad which actually
strengthens the ability to do some
pricing on the pricing power front. We
have economic growth which is moderating
compared to 23 and 24 but still
relatively robust. Uh and so and you
have corporate earnings where which are
very strong and most importantly what
has happened is the tariff effect which
even we estimated
>> has proved to be a little less worse
than what we thought. It probably got
pushed out a little bit but companies
are figuring out and most importantly
based on the transcript work we have
done. It appears that in their guidance
they are already taking into
consideration the mitigation steps and
so the guidance is relatively you know
safe at this point.
>> This is so much optimism I can't even
stand it. I will just take one issue.
This idea of seasonality. Everyone said
that September was a bad season. It's
always a bad month. Well, we're up more
than 3% and it's poised to be the best
September going back to 2010. Has
seasonality broken?
>> Well, in the recent years it has. Even
last year was the same story. August and
September was pretty good. Historically
it's bad but I would argue that why just
seasonality now everything has long-term
relationships have broken quite
significantly postcoid you know you have
a negative uh you know yield curve for a
long time inverted curve did we have a
recession no we had PMIs in the uh
negative territory do we have did we
have industrial recession no did
earnings collapse for industrials no
right but it doesn't mean they're not
risks so a lot of relationship which we
thought existed are simply not true,
right? Uh and it doesn't mean that you
shouldn't worry. It just means that you
know if you say this time is different,
you got to take it in blocks and see uh
you know what next? What next? And so
right now, at least for the next 12 to
18 months, we don't see significant
catalyst for destabilizing where we are
right now. So, do you find policies like
H-1B visas, the tariffs, they're still
being legislated in courts when it comes
to AIPA? Do you find DC policy
supportive or are they headwinds next
year?
>> No. I mean, one of the biggest concerns
this year has been the level of policy
uncertainty. But what is amazing is that
the market has learned to look past it
and to see, you know, the extent of
rhetoric, how long it lasts and goes on.
I mean you saw even the H1B thing we had
data shifting over the weekend right
first the news of more draconian and
then they came back and clarified uh
that uh you know it's one time and it's
not for renewals and things like that um
so I think policy uncertainty is
something we have to learn to live with
what we have to watch out for where it
oversteps acceptable boundaries of the
market right and so that's where I would
actually watch the um the rates market
more for that to see if and when the
discomfort is there I mean to talk about
deficits is the biggest concern right
now right and what is your tenure doing
it's down it's not up right so term
premium has actually come down so uh I
think you you start looking at those
things and say that to what extent is
the pol magnitude of policy uncertainty
going to hurt the market uh and so far I
think it's uh it's a risk But it's not
an overwhelming risk thus far.
>> What's amazing is what you said about
earnings for next year. EPS revisions.
It's been a huge focus of this program
for quite a while now that we've had
this step down in payrolls growth,
massive step down in payrolls growth and
maybe it's been building for a whole lot
longer than people realized. And yet
you're see still seeing this step up in
earnings revisions which makes me wonder
just how relevant this is. which is an
uncomfortable conversation for anyone
following this right now sitting at home
saying well it's relevant to me it's
relevant to everyone everyone needs a
job but at the moment we're seeing that
tension just grow get bigger and bigger
how relevant is the payrolls number to
the broader market and to earnings
>> you know it is relevant and that's why
talking about you know this market is
highly bifurcated that's why I said if
you look at where the earning strength
came from it came from just two sectors
tech and financials and that's where the
divisions have been if you looked at The
best of the eight to9 sectors 90% of
them had negative operating leverage in
which their cost growth was faster than
the sales growth. So to so we should not
lull oursel into thinking that
everything is hunky dory across markets.
It's not right and that's where we're
paying attention. That's why even in our
outlook when I'll take the some other
parts approach we are a lot more bullish
on the tech front and we are very
positive on on financials but compared
to consensus in the street we're a lot
lower on the rest of the economy so you
know how does the rest of the economy
get impacted by all this um is important
and to your point about the labor market
being your tech companies are laying off
people by the thousands
but their net margins have improved by
200 basis points and their earnings are
off the charts And on a PEG ratio basis
when you say things are rich it's kind
of one and the range is 1 to 1.6. So
what are we talking about?
>> Do you think the tech sector can
continue just to trade on an island it
can just be its own beast this big
secular theme that's detached from the
cyclical story or do you think when they
do finally face a cyclical test people
might be surprised by just how resilient
they might not be?
>> Well they will face a cyclical test.
It's not happening in the next 18 months
and we do more work. Look out for that.
We doing some excellent work on that. uh
but the interesting thing is the um the
tax impact now is uh spreading across a
wider cross-section of the economy. So
for example when you talk about even big
tech and all the capex spending it is
not just the big hyperscalers right now
it's gone into utilities it's gone into
component manufacturers it's gone to
industrials so it's spread so to the
extent that um tech uh is negatively
impacted in terms of the scale of the
business it'll percolate to some extent
uh so yeah it's a mixed bag but but look
out I think probably we should come back
and talk
>> well I look out for your research piece
before you go We really wanted to
squeeze in your view on small caps.
We've had this massive rally. You've
talked about the lack of broadening gap
for earnings revisions. Small caps have
rallied almost exclusively on a rerating
of the race cycle, the rate cuts, the
repricing of that over the last, let's
say, two months since early August when
we first had that really weak July
payrolls report. Are you seeing anything
beyond the rate cut story to justify the
rally we've had over the last seven
consecutive weeks?
>> For the first time, we are. And let me
paraphrase that that we have been
negative on small cast for the longest
period of time, right? And it's not
worked for the last two decades. I still
am very skeptical. I think it's more of
a rental trade or a tactical trade
rather than a long-term strategic trade.
The reason I say that is yes, rate cuts
have been the huge booster for them. But
if you start looking at the SML which is
the more uh profitable portion 400 odd
companies from the Russell universe, we
were surprised to see that they actually
had some modest sales decline but
managed to post pretty solid earnings
top of that and their revisions have
improved and actually their revisions
have gotten slightly better than the uh
S&P outside of tech that portion. So I
think there is some fundamental strength
which is um going consistent with the
recent rally. I just worry whether how
long it's going to last especially for
things like tariffs which have not fully
shown yet. I think it's going to
percolate over the next few quarters um
business-wise uh there's less
flexibility. The other thing is you know
with the tenure coming down and front
end rates coming down with a lot of
floating rate debt uh they do benefit in
the short term.
>> Vina it's good to see you.
>> Thank you.
>> Thank you sir. Appreciate your time.
Vina Krishna there of Barclays on a
better outlook for 2026 and maybe maybe
small caps certain parts of small caps
can do okay. If you're just joining us
welcome to the program coming into
Monday close to alltime highs and just
pulling back a touch by a quarter of 1%
on the S&P 500 to a third of 1% through
most of this morning. Let's give you an
update on stories worldwide with your
Bloomberg brief. Here's Vonyie Quinn.
Hey Vonyie.
>> Hey John. Thank you. Oracle is
announcing big changes to its
leadership. Clay McGurk and Mike
Siccilia have been named as co-CEOs,
replacing Saffra Katz, who had been in
the role since 2019. Mgherk previously
served as president of the company's
cloud infrastructure, and Sicilio was
the president of Oracle Industries. In a
statement, Oracle chair Larry Ellison
said the men are both proven leaders.
New rules are now in effect for those
seeking highskilled US visas. On Friday,
the Trump administration imposed a new
$100,000 application fee for the widely
used H1B program. The new rules are
expected to have a significant impact on
Indian nationals who account for more
than 70% of all H-1B visas.
Airports in Berlin, London, and Brussels
face continued delays after a cyber
attack on a key airline check-in system.
The outage stemmed from a cyber incident
at Collins Aerospace. Passengers at
several airports had to be processed
manually. Brussels airport asked
carriers to cancel some scheduled
departures. And that is your Bloomberg
brief. John
>> Bonnie, thank you. We appreciate it. Up
next, the morning calls as we count you
down to the opening bell at 1 hour and
13 minutes away. Equities just a little
bit softer. Live from New York City this
morning. Good morning.
[Music]
The opening b 1 hour and 10 minutes
away. Equity futures a little bit softer
here. We're down by a third of 1% on the
S&P 500. That's the price action. Let's
get you some morning calls. First up,
Dan Ives of Wedbush raising his price
target on Apple to 310, seeing early
signs of strong demand for the iPhone
17. That stock is up by 0.6%. Your
second call from Piper Sandler raising
its price target on Tesla to 500, saying
the company is its top idea for
investing on autonomous vehicles. And
finally, City raising its price target
on GM to 75, citing the company's
leverage to positive trade agreements.
That stock just about unchanged so far
this morning. Let's stick with trade.
The furniture industry facing global
headwinds yet consumers are remaining
resilient. Yesper Broaden is the CEO of
Inca Group, the largest IKEA franchisee
operating most of the brand stores.
Yesper joins us now for more. Yes, but
welcome to New York. It's good to see
you.
>> Wonderful to be here.
>> How are things going? Because we heard
from Restoration Hardware and the RH CEO
was on the earnings call dropping fbombs
and I imagine a lot of people are having
similar issues at the moment trying to
sell furniture. You're at a different
price point. What's your experience this
year?
>> Well, to be honest, when it comes to our
customer in client, these are people
with thin wallets out there. The many
people and normally tough times is when
more people come away. At the same time,
people have less money. We see this uh
for a year at least globally. Um so many
things going on you can say still
recovery from the pandemic when it comes
to inflationary measures. Um but then
again, our line of business is really
about human basic needs. It's about the
bunk bed when the kids grow up. It's
about the chair and and and table and so
on. So, business is okay. It's it's uh
growing. We're growing customers and
sales of pieces, but it's not easy.
>> Well, people want the $149
uh bunk bed for their kids, which they
can then disassemble when the kids hate
each other. I'm just wondering from your
perspective how hard it is to pass along
the extra costs that are getting
incurred currently from different
tariffs, different regulatory regimes,
etc. Are you able to pass that along in
a way where consumers are okay with it?
>> I see see your point. To be honest, the
last eight years as I've been co has
been chaotic from a cost and
inflationary point of view. Nothing
compares to the impact of the inflation
to be honest where we had like the most
incredible uh imbalances in in trade and
and prices. We had to for a certain
while actually recover some of the the
inflationary damage that we had. Uh
since then we and IKEA have actually
been able to lower our prices and
compensate back to an inflation adjusted
level and last year we did a record
investment in lowering prices with 2.2
billion US. So we actually the strategy
of IKEA has always been about bundle
volume make sure we make things better
take out waste which is also I think one
of the reasons I'm here being here for
the climate week but actually lowering
the prices.
>> When you say invest $2.2 billion does
that mean take it on the margin? So
actually when we say invest it's a
you're right actually people wonder what
we mean. So for us we're actually here
to serve people within wallet. So
investing in lower prices means we we um
grow our business and and make more
people able to to actually access IKEA.
So actually we always been about low
margins and reaching more people.
>> You're here during the UN General
Assembly week. How have tariffs,
geopolitical tensions, how has that
changed the landscape for where you
actually source the material? Um so
companies like IKEA I think um well it's
interesting because it used to be when I
grew up in business it used to be uh so
that companies were fast and governments
were slow this is no longer reality
>> so when when IKEA basically when we
build our strategies it it's we are too
large to adapt over a few months or or
to new situations we are slow builders
when it's come comes to the US our
strategy is actually to go denser in US
a decision were taken about 3 four years
ago to invest heavily into. We're
actually investing over two billion in
US since 2023.
Um, and the reason is that we need to be
in more places. We need to be closer to
customers and we need to build
production in this country in order to
actually uh leverage our business model.
That is over a 10-year period. So, it's
difficult for us to you say to adjust
our strategies short
>> being here earlier than we see some of
the waves of some companies. Have you
been able to blunt some of the tariff
impact? So we are actually always
striving to lower our prices in Kiev.
When we look at the the tariffs is
obviously one of the factors right now
that is impacting our business in in
this market but also in other markets
but it's not the only one that we are
addressing at the moment. The most uh I
would say challenging but also
interesting dimension of a value chain
is actually climate. So when you look at
IKEA's uh work to actually adapt to the
Paris agreement and make sure we deliver
uh the interesting thing which I find
still I think a bit uh lost in the
dialogue when it comes to to rooms like
we are sitting here and in other places
is that climate smart means that you
take out cost from your value chain. So
IKEA is today actually lowering our
prices and improving our P&L by being
climate smart.
>> Amry had one final question as soon as
you walked into the room. What was your
question? How are the meatballs and
you're lowering the cost? So I I am
myself I'm an intellectual vegetarian. I
normally say down here I struggle. I
love the meatballs. We actually running
today about 40% of our sales is actually
vegetables and plant balls. And
personally I don't love the vegetables
but the plant is a great exception but
meatballs is part of our legacy. So
there you go.
>> I love your honesty. Yes, we appreciate
your time. Thank you so much.
>> Thanks for being here. Thank you sir.
It's great to catch up with you. Yes.
brought in there. The Inca Group CEO,
>> I got to say plant balls don't have the
same ring as meatballs. I'm just saying.
I mean, would you if I said to my kids,
I'm making
that's not going to work.
>> That wouldn't wouldn't work for me
either.
>> Yeah. I mean, just, you know, I'm just
wondering.
>> We got a little bit left. 10 seconds.
You want to squeeze something in or
you're done with Okay, done. All right.
Yordik of Alexante Data joins us next
live from New York City. This is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
The opening bow is about 60 minutes
away. Equity futures going into the cash
open on the first trading day of a brand
new trading week. Slightly negative.
We're down by a third of 1% across the
board here on the S&P. Likewise on the
NASDAQ 100. The Russell a little bit
softer by 0.2%. As we count you down to
that opening bound, let's get you some
single names, some morning movers.
Here's Danny with more. Hey Danny. Hey,
John. Some breaking news from Oracle at
the top of the hour. Changing up their
leadership structure amid all that they
have going on with AI to Tik Tok. Two
new co-CEOs will be taking over. Mgory
and Sicilia. One has a cloud
infrastructure background. The other one
in AI backgrounds really marrying the
two together. It shows you where the
concentration and future bets of this
company. The prior CEO stepping down is
Catz. So shares slightly lower off the
back of that down about 1.1%. Elsewhere,
Fox shares to the upside this morning,
up by more than 4% after President Trump
took to Fox News saying that Lachlan
Lachland and Rupert Murdoch would have
some role in the new Tik Tok, the new US
version of Tik Tok. So again, shares
higher off the back of that. Finally,
some deal news this morning. Fizer in a
$7.3 billion deal will be buying
Meterra. They are the maker of an
anti-obesity shot. Key to why this one's
attractive, you only need to take it
once a month. Most of them you need to
take it once weekly. So those shares up
60%. Fizer now that it gets to
participate in the obesity market rally
those shares up 1.7%. John
>> Danny thank you appreciate the update.
More from Danny alongside Matt Miller.
Bloomberg open interest about 30 minutes
away. Look out for that as we count you
down to the open and bell. A busy week
of Fed speak coming up. It kicks off
today. Mike McKe joins us now for more.
Mike, it might be easier if I ask you
who isn't speaking this week.
>> Yeah, it's kind of that way. It is
perhaps a world record. We'll let the
Guinness people know. 17 Fed speeches
this week. Not about the data, but it's
about what the Fed thinks about the
data. Everybody rushing to get their
opinions on the record. It appears we
kick off today with four. There were
supposed to be five today, but John
Williams is under the weather, so he is
not speaking, but you can see every day.
Wednesday, we just get the one. Uh, but
Thursday is a really, really busy day.
And hopefully John Williams will be
feeling better by then. income and
spending the one indicator that we're
going to care about this week on Friday.
We kind of already know what the
inflation numbers are going to tell us.
Uh the Fed chair told us during the Fed
news conference last week. Uh but beyond
that, not a lot of data to move the
needle. It's really going to be what
people think. Everybody's focused on
Steven Myron today, but he did an
interview last week and he doesn't say
anything different from what he said in
the past and what he said at his
confirmation hearing. So, while it'll
get a lot of attention, it's probably
not going to be very meaningful. What I
want to point you to is Jay Powell
tomorrow because uh what he managed to
do in getting everybody on board with
just a quarter point and having only the
one descent at the last meeting tells
you at least for now he's still in
charge.
>> Mike, how do you listen approach that
speech from Chairman Power tomorrow? I
want to understand from your perspective
whether this is a chairman who will
continue to try and reflect a consensus
on the committee that may or may not
exist right now or whether we'll tease
out be able to tease out begin to tease
out his personal views on where he's at
personally right now.
>> Well, I think you get a little bit of
both and the hard part is separating out
what the rest of the committee thinks
from what the chairman thinks because he
does lean towards getting consensus from
everybody. So uh we will listen to see
if he talks about divisions at all on
the Fed and how uh there may be some
people who are waiting for data, some
people who are waiting for other data,
but at the moment I think he's speaking
generally for the center. Now the center
is equally divided almost between two
more cuts and one more cut this year. So
he may not take a firm position, but
that also tells you something.
>> Michael McKe enjoyed the update. Mike,
thank you sir. Looking forward to a week
full of Fed speak. Yens Nordvvic, the
founder and CEO of Exanted Data, joins
us around the table here in New York.
Yens, good morning. Good to see you.
>> Good morning.
>> It's been a number of months. It's been
too long. So, let's recap the year so
far. You track flows and flows at the
start of the year, particularly through
April and May, became a really, really
important story. Some might say dominant
for foreign exchange. Can we start
there? What did you start to see develop
and how important is that story now
compared to then?
I would say we've gone through kind of
three phases where we came into this
year where
US exceptionalism was still what equity
investors globally were doing. So we
have a metric where we say okay what's
all the capital that's moving cross
border and where is it heading and in
that phase essentially all of it went to
United States. There was no appetite to
buy Chinese equities, European equities
or anything right and then in March it
started to change. policy uncertainty in
the US was picking up, fiscal stimulus
in Europe and so forth. And we had a
period, I would say, from March to June
where actually it really flipped. Not
that much foreign demand for US equities
and much more internationally. And then
since then, I think we're more in a gray
zone. We're not back to US
exceptionalism, but also US um equity
markets have rallied and there is some
demand coming back. So, uh, we certainly
still focus on that. It's important, but
it's not as dominant as it was in the
second quarter, right, where the dollar
was going down dramatically first
against Europe, then we had the Taiwan
move and so forth. So, it's more of a
nuance story. Now,
>> a lot of people are saying that they
want exposure to the United States
equity story, but not the dollar. So,
it's this FX hedging story that's driven
the dollar weaker in a significant way.
Can that continue or is that fully
priced? Is that something that has been
maybe overstated as a long-term trend?
>> Yeah, I think I think it's a very
important question, right? Because when
we analyze what is happening with
hedging, right, we can dig out, you
know, one data point that shows
something very specific. There's been a
lot of focus on what's happening in the
ETF space in the last couple of months,
but the ETF space is a pretty small part
of what's happening with hedging. If you
think about a big pension fund that is
going to change their dollar allocation,
are they going to use ETFs? No, they're
going to use FX forwards or options,
right? So, uh, all the data we look at,
I think has a very consistent message
and that is we had a huge shock. Like
what happened in April was just very
unusual price action. People got scared
and a lot of big institutions took
big action. They changed their
allocations and we can see it from many
we we look at it fund by fund literally
what did that pension fund do and so
forth right and there were material
changes
around April May and then most
indicators shows that there's been a
degree of stabilization right so when
you think about hedging it's not oh now
they're starting to hedge and they're
going to hedge more and more and more
for the next 10 years it's like I think
it's more of a one-off shift and then
really what we're looking at on a
forward-looking basis is just this
relative demand And like is the relative
demand for the US slightly less? It is
slightly less right because we had a
period where it felt like there was
always no competition for the US like
tech story was the only thing people
cared about and now you have financials
in Europe, defense stocks around the
world and so forth. There are other
narratives that people buying into but I
think the big hedging shock we probably
had the most of the adjustment already
take place and from here it's about the
actual new flow that is coming in that's
driving it.
>> So what's the pain trade here and this
is something that we've talked about
with people that if you see some sort of
dollar strengthening that could be a
real pain trade for all the different
investment funds that have been hedging
the dollar exposure. Do you see that as
being a sort of setup and and a
potential catalyst heading into year
end?
>> I think uh that's something that we have
learned to worry about for a while. But
uh that's also why what has happened
this year is really a bit of regime
shift right because what happened in
April was that you had you know equity
market weakness but the dollar did not
benefit right so the correlations
between the traditional periods of of of
pain where you have you know risk assets
are trading very poorly and the dollar
does well that is less so right so I
think the the pain has probably come in
a way. Uh but um I think what's really
important here is what's happening with
the long end of the bond market. In
April, you had equities down, long bonds
down, right? And the dollar down
together, right? If the US bond market
is trading more stable, that's that's
part of the of the equation that's
different from Q2.
>> So is that like the litmus test of
geopolitical issues that individuals are
willing to dump US assets across the
board for?
That's that's what we saw for a couple
of weeks in April, right? And now uh I
think you're seeing that the bond market
is trading better as we heard from your
previous guest, right? like uh the
equity guys are are looking at what the
tenure is doing and the tenure has been
doing all right and uh I think even even
in the last couple of weeks where we've
had a lot of focus on central bank
independence
we've not really seen the long end trade
thisly badly right we had a couple of
days where the Cook news was very much
in the in the headlines and we had a
couple of basis points here and there
but it was not a big trend right so
there's some resilience in the bond
market that I think is is a part of the
picture and that removes some of the
extreme tail risk for the dollar.
Doesn't mean that the dollar is going to
be on a bull run, but it removes some
tail risk
>> at least potentially at the very long
game. The leakage, the softness we've
seen in the summer
>> wasn't a US story. It was arguably
coming from elsewhere. Europe, UK,
France, and I want to finish on Asia.
Japan, Japan for a long, long time was
the anchor around the global bond
market. And when I say long time, I mean
decades, our careers. And I want to
understand how the changes there are
going to change things elsewhere. Yeah.
The foreign exchange, the demand for
foreign assets, whether this money is
going to be repatriated, go back to
Japan, what all those things mean and
how we should rethink this asset class.
>> So I have this discussion all the time
with our institutional clients around
the world, right? Because you look at
what's happening in Japan, the Japanese
yield curve is sitting now at a totally
different level, right? That we've been
used to for decades. Nevertheless, when
we track the flows in Japan, we cannot
see any evidence that Japanese investors
are really repatriating funds back into
Japan. It's it's almost like the
opposite. If you look at the equity
flows,
a lot of regions around the world had a
period where they withdrew back into
their own market. And but in the
Japanese, it's almost every single week
they're still putting money into the US
equity market. So until that changes, I
don't think the yen is going to have a
significant benefit from what's
happening in the JGB market.
>> It's that great repatriation people are
worried about still waiting for.
>> Yeah, they're not happening. It's not
happening. Although what it is
interesting is every private investment
fund in the world is going after Japan
right now and buying up their assets
because they have more faith in their
assets than evidently Japanese investors
do.
>> Yeah, it's good to see you. Thanks for
dropping by. Appreciate your time.
Thoughtful stuff as always backed by
data. Yordic there of Exante data. Let's
get you an update on stories elsewhere
this morning with your Bloomberg brief.
Let's cross over to Vonnie Quinn for
more. Hey Vonnie.
>> Hey John. Thank you. Australia, Canada,
and the United Kingdom have formally
recognized a Palestinian state. This
ahead of the UN General Assembly
meetings this week. Leaders of the three
countries call it a coordinated push for
a two-state solution. The move has drawn
criticism from President Trump and also
from Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu. They argue that it rewards
Hamas and threatens Israel's security.
New rules are now in effect for those
seeking high-skilled US visas. On
Friday, the Trump administration imposed
a new $100,000 application fee for the
widely used H1B program. The new rules
are expected to have a significant
impact on Indian nationals who account
for more than 70% of all H1B visas.
T-Mobile is announcing a shakeup in its
leadership. CEO Mike Svert is stepping
down from the role and will move to vice
chairman. Current COO Streini Gopalan
will become the company's next chief
executive. The changes are set to go
into effect November 1st. Both Severt
and Gopalan will join Bloomberg Tech
tomorrow at 11 Eastern. And that's your
Bloomberg brief. John
>> Hey Vonnie, thank you. Appreciate it.
Thanks for this morning. Up next, we'll
set you up for the day ahead. Plus,
we'll catch up with Bill Cample of
Double Light from New York City. You're
watching Bloomberg TV.
[Music]
just growth holds up. The Fed cutting
into these already easy financial
conditions and then I I think also
really importantly the Fed cutting into
what looks like a really historic boom
in capex these things might not be you
know 3% GDP type of numbers but if the
cycle can hold up for longer that could
kind of heat up conditions in our view
that was Andrew Sheets of Morgan Stanley
bullish on the future a lot of people
are right now overwhelmingly so bullish
coming into this trading week equity
futures pulling back from alltime highs
this morning at least we're down by 0.3%
on the S&P. On the NASDAQ, we're down by
about a quarter. That's the equity setup
going into the open and bound about 44
minutes away. As we count you down,
here's the trading diary happening
today. A White House press briefing
later on this afternoon. Plus, a slew of
Fed speak including Barkin and Myron. On
Tuesday, PMI data followed by comments
from Fed Chair J. Powell and President
Donald Trump speaking at the UN General
Assembly. On Thursday, another round of
jobless claims, plus results from
Costco. Finally, looking ahead to
Friday, PC data in between. Look after
PMIs 2. Talked about that a few times.
It's an early reading on September. Are
we starting to see a pickup, Rammo, in
economic activity?
>> And this is something that we've heard
about from a number of CEOs that they
actually saw the weakness earlier this
year and now they're seeing a
reaceleration. Is that confined to the
services? Is that confined to
manufacturing? I think the PMIs is going
to be really important
>> for the US dollar and for global fixed
income. Let's look at that right now.
Bill Campbell of Double Line writing the
following. The Fed meeting sets up more
curve steepening and a weaker US dollar.
Interest rates will continue to be cut
with inflation under control. Bill joins
us now for more. Bill, welcome to the
program, sir. Let's talk about that
curve steepening. So, the front end
story is dominated by interest rates and
what the Fed does. Want your view on
what's driving the long end right now
and whether you and the team believe
that the fiscal concerns will return.
>> Oh, absolutely. I don't think the fiscal
concerns have gone anywhere. I think the
fiscal concerns are both US focused and
international focused. Let's start in
the US. We're watching for a continuing
resolution to pass, but uh the Senate is
going to need seven Democrat votes to uh
pass just a short-term funding
resolution, and we're already seeing uh
difficulties getting that passed. when
we look uh you know at the outlook uh
you know for uh the fiscal trajectory
for the US yes uh you know we're going
to have decent growth and hopefully uh
you know pick up further in revenues due
to higher growth and tariffs but next
year's an election year and uh spending
in our opinion is likely to remain
elevated. Uh I don't think we can
discount the international aspect
either. uh we're seeing large fiscal
deficits across the developed markets
from Europe uh in the UK and France to
Japan who's going into a leadership
election where the candidates are
focused on additional fiscal spending.
One item that well several items caught
my eye but one item that caught my eye
last week was in the UK's uh the Bank of
England's decision to keep interest
rates on hold. They made an adjustment
to their balance sheet policy. they
decided that they needed to slow the
pace of quantitative tightening and
they're going to be adjusting the uh the
their sales of longerterm assets more to
shorter term assets uh due to the
pressures on the long end of the curve.
I think those fiscal pressures across
developed markets uh can bleed through
uh back to the US but are going to be
with us across the developed markets
well into next year uh leading to
further steepening of the curve. Bill,
there's so much to unpack there. I just
want to start with what's happened over
the past few weeks, which has actually
been flattening. How do you understand
that given the backdrop that you just
laid out?
>> Absolutely. I think uh the flattening
that we've seen is a bit of a buy the
rumor, sell the news uh on the on the
back of the Fed. uh going into the Fed
meeting there was a lot of uh front
running trying to think I think a lot of
investors were trying to position on how
quickly the rate cutting path would come
given the downgrade in the labor market.
Uh Jay Powell although giving us the cut
uh still seems to be more finely
balanced and I was actually surprised
that the only dissent for an additional
cut uh was Steve Myron. I was uh looking
to see uh what Waller and Bowman were
going to do and it does not look like
they desented for a cut this time
around. So I think on the back of that
the shorter term faster trading uh set
se segment of uh the market uh took some
profits on the steepener. Uh we also
excuse me went through uh you know a
couple of key levels. Uh so I think that
dragged CTAs uh you know into reducing
steepener positions just a little bit.
But I think what as investors what we
need to do is separate out what is the
medium-term trend from the short-term
cyclical trading trend. If you just look
very microscopically in the past couple
of days, we started to see the creeping
come back into the back end of the
curve, especially on the 230s uh where I
believe it got down to a low of 114 and
now we're back up to about 117. Uh I
think that this is probably an
interesting place to uh enter back into
steepeners as it's my opinion that
fiscal concerns are going to come back
to the top of the headlines not only
with the US continuing resolution but
let's look at what happened in France.
We are seeing protests uh you know
extremely large protests all around uh
the expectation of uh you know their
future budget that's uh you know that
needs to be passed in a draft format in
the next uh week or two.
>> Yeah.
>> Um I think there's lessons to be learned
when we look at the international
markets. One of the biggest ones is this
rising social unrest or rising social
tensions uh around less fiscal space and
I believe that's going to be with
developed market economies um over the
next uh at least through 2026 if not
longer. So I think we're setting up for
longerterm steeping of the yield curve
because one we're going to have uh
central banks trying to ease where they
can. The Fed will be leading the way in
this. Uh but then the longer end is
going to face uh not only fiscal
pressures but as central banks cut
trying to keep interest expense under
control. That's also going to raise
questions one about inflation
expectations. Uh what is the uncertainty
around those? I think that's got to come
with an increased term premium. And then
we're going to have the questions about
Fed credibility and Fed independence as
the board the mix of uh the board and
potentially uh new members to the Fed
are put in place next year.
>> Yeah. But Bill, some people would argue
all of this does sound scary and it
sounds like it's been percolating for a
while and this was the argument earlier
this year when you saw a sell off in the
long end of the yield curve. But there's
more than seven trillion dollars in
money market accounts that as the Fed
cuts will migrate into duration, will
migrate into credit, will migrate into
other assets that can provide that same
kind of income. Why is that wall of cash
not enough of an argument to really
dampen some of the steepening argument?
>> Well, I think the wall of cash is likely
to go more into where we're focusing on
in the belly or front end of the curve
into credit markets and into
international markets as well. there are
uh other places besides uh the long end
of the yield curve uh to put your money.
And when we look at what happened uh
post liberation day with the
correlations between equities and risk
assets and the long end of the curve, I
think that is something that uh a lot of
institutions and institutional investors
have taken note of. So, I think that uh
the fact that the Fed is continuing to
lower interest rates, we're probably
extending the path of uh a continued uh
let's call it positive economic outlook
with uh you know an out a backdrop that
is probably good for risk and that I
think in my opinion uh should should
support the trade for uh emerging market
local currencies and local bonds. I
think in a in when we look at double
line across uh all of the different
sectors uh we notice that valuations are
tight pretty much everywhere except for
that area of the market and we're
finding tremendous opportunities to pick
up yield and to uh participate in uh
uncorrelated returns uh by allocating to
uh you know the larger higher real
yielding emerging market uh emerging
market uh local currencies and local
bonds. Bill, you're giving us tons to
talk about. Let's do it again soon. Bill
Campbell there of Double Line talked a
little bit about some of the DM concerns
in the debt market. Let's talk about the
EM concerns in the debt market. These
headlines just crossing from the
Treasury Secretary Scott Besson on
Argentina.
>> Yeah. The Treasury Secretary coming out
and basically saying all tools are in
the toolbox. They will come out and use
them. They're going to be meeting NLE
tomorrow. He's going to be alongside the
president. And this is really the key
quote here when it comes to what they
potentially could do with the
stabilization fund. They include not
limited to swap lines, direct currency
purchases, purchases of US dollar
denominated government debt from the
Treasury's exchange stabilization fund.
And this grows on something that the
Treasury Secretary spoke with
Argentina's Mille in April when I was
there and it looks like potentially
they're going to have to come to the
rescue once again. Yeah, because once
again, Argentina is having a fiscal
crisis and as a result of uh Malay
actually losing a number of elections.
So, it raises questions about his
ability to keep going with some of the
initiatives. Argentina is like the
perpetual story. I mean, if you want an
argument not to invest in emerging
market, I mean, Argentina is basically
case study number one.
>> But I'm pleased you frame things in the
way they did. They're not because of his
policies. It's because of the very
threat that we might not have them
anymore. Correct. And that someone else
might win these elections.
>> Right. And that that could undermine the
credibility. I mean, it just shows how
unstable things are in that region
>> without a doubt. We'll have more on that
region tomorrow ahead of that meeting
coming up tomorrow. Keith Lerner of
Truist, Christristen Biddley of City,
Liz Anne Sanders of Charles Swab, and
Steven Stanley of Santandere from New
York City this morning. Good morning to
you all. Have a wonderful trading week.
This was Bloomberg Surveillance.
[Music]